kh-qx4ncshwrucb5_7amka	Chuck Norris is the only known mammal in history to have an opposable thumb. On his penis.
TidXIXs8SCujrMlDATF54A	Chucky is actually Chuck Norris' son.......wait what the fu-
j0chPioHT0OtqOvw4k9tHw	Chuck Norris actually has no beard. It's rust from his iron jaw
4-fswjmBSga9DGzmcdOnMA	Chuck Norris can choose his friends... his neighbors... his parents and family.
1OgZjJoaTmaACOwSkaeYGA	At this moment there is a fifty-fifty chance Chuck Norris is fucking your sister
3Uq4sB_ZSWu9XY-moJY1Cg	Chuck Norris can win at the game Battleship by simply banging Rihanna.
L1GsWHngRoSW1UPXidGQgg	Chuck Norris is the true Sultan of Swing. He also gets his money for nothing, and his chicks for free.
CSis8kaXTLGP9EYjYCUkKQ	Chuck Norris visits an active volcano every morning to get some of "the best damn espresso on Earth".
Qw17fKlcS4qojaU6nyFncg	FATWA senders-- Molly Norris is Chuck Norris's little sister
aRwDh0tnSLKfIhAGJHOnEQ	Chuck Norris lets lightning hit him sometimes--it tickles.
DMLZlA9FSLGdXr6QBsWSMg	When life gives Chuck Norris lemon's he makes orange juice
USxrFLGFTHybP4-CJ2UFQQ	Chuck Norris does not fear cancer. cancer fears Chuck Norris
aedxS378RYWfbVZgGJdsnQ	Chuck Norris can stop the Stones from rolling.
3qiDYGSeRdKpxZYznleT4w	Chuck Norris staged the moon landing in his back garden
tbJI94B2Tc2_s71KW61wCQ	Chuck Norris has never worn underwear not made out of leather.
kDTRMcrOQ42onIljXek-Gg	ya know how you cant eat just one lays chip WELL Chuck Norris CAN
SobsmZOKSYuW9gwlYvu69g	Fifty Shades Of Grey was originally about Chuck Norris' back hair.
HwlaiRoARXKO6gDkRaRKyQ	Chuck Norris was Maria Shriver's rebound guy. And he was totally cool with it.
us9KQTLCSousRdObkQ03Sw	Chuck Norris' penis has abs.
wGbqgcxRQumTYd6y55cHwA	Chuck Norris ripped the horn off of the world's last unicorn. He made a scrimshawed knife handle out of it.
zY34_rcIQ3ikA7LjLST9zw	Chuck Norris drinks Mexican water by the gallon.
T69uIFSfQ8GJZm8F9mRmiA	Chuck norris is actually an albino silverback gorrilla
XfBtseHeQJ22g2v44J3xyA	Who let the dogs out? Chuck Norris let the dogs out....then roundhouse kicked them through an oldsmobile.
1KQ9RXVhQUax3PaCl2S7pg	Chuck Norris taught spongebob how to make a camp fire. Underwater.
nv8QZIArQQmQRYQiNcipWw	Chuck Norris does not do drugs. In order to get a buzz he climbs radio station transmition towers during thunderstorms and drinks Redbull & Captain Morgan Rum from a pair of 55 gallon steel drums.
w3PuSIngQmm9HDf30Uindg	when Chuck Norris had sex with a waitress he spermed and created hurricane katrina
wws_lXwUTI698GGhipHsbw	Tim Tebow can throw a football over 50 yards. Chuck Norris can throw Time Tebow even further.
G7LTYBw8RmWwOJSNv9ofwQ	Chuck Norris kills and average of 12.3 people on his way to the store
zN03ZzANTSeeIUbS3Pe-Yw	Mosses did not parted the Red Sea. Chuck Norris did. The Bible got confused because Mosses and Chuck Norris sound so much alike.
ZqTlF-iQQ0SETmUOEfaYtw	the last person to survive a roundhouse kick by Chuck Norris was michael jackson. then he turned white
cwXURQP9SRK_OddWP-v_nQ	Chuck Norris wil see you.... NOW!
gnSrJqShRAqzRW-_bxxnWw	Tom Cruise lives with the certainty that one day, he'll bend over the bathroom sink to splash water on his face, lift up his head and in the mirror see that Chuck Norris is standing directly behind him.
wiwotMsWT8SKz4DD-MEpjw	Chuck Norris scratches his back with a circular saw.
wIkJ7EssS6GUs-ACNUbzuw	There is no Ninja Turtle cereal because eating ninjas for breakfast is a copyright of Chuck Norris.
sKjXPWkjRByRY9UlQDd99A	Chuck Norris doesn't play music - he works it like a slave owner.
gluyFaTyRkSVmf91D0nupg	Chuck Norris once killed a man by throwing a suggestion at him!
Ci9WFKGRTsi599yWp4byGA	Chuck Norris once sniffed out & found 167 truffles in the Mojave Desert.
96Ynm3_zTbiXuNOR0teluA	Chuck Norris made the Grand Canyon because he coughed "Just Once"
10mnaFmrSgWqQdmeQCCaaA	If Chuck Norris ever allowed a sports team to be named after him, that team would never lose again...except when Chuck Norris played against it.
4toKvBTOQIS6uxJJLv1VSA	Testosterone takes Chuck Norris supplements
LsywufEGRU2AeLbSu0kxXA	If you're ever stupid enough to ask for Chuck Norris' credentials, expect to witness something completely mind-blowing and impossibly awesome just before your brutal death.
2y2rXu3nRJ-rqO5kTXzMCg	the grim reaper once was on Chuck Norris' door step. after he knocked, Chuck Norris said "who is it" the reaper responded "death" Chuck Norris chuckled and replied "no its not! I am death!" and proceeded to round house kick the reaper to death
Q4QOV09yQiuoQzEPOtybqg	When Barack Obama said "Yes we can," he actually was referring to Chuck Norris
rwJIRDgKSiWnJmtyVZrCoA	Of course Chuck Norris is banging Sarah Palin.
mKl3SbonQ12-K4IxG9WrqQ	The Earth does not revolve around the sun...this is because the sun revolves around Chuck Norris, who lives on Earth
e0hd-25ls12dbuoqr8q0_q	The phrase 'break a leg' was originally coined by Chuck Norris's co-stars in Walker, Texas Ranger as a good luck charm, indicating that a broken leg might be the worst extent of their injuries. This never proved to be the case.
EQH2S8AySwuaejXPh8MeHA	Chuck Norris receives billion-dollar royalty cheques from the World Bank monthly for his cameo role in 'Dodgeball'.
2COz4ZY4SJaM7WKJUmSZ3Q	Michael Phelps currently holds the record for most Olympic gold medals in a single Games with 8. That record will be broken in 2012, when Chuck Norris wins 22.
lhNnigJgTDOdqxnvAFYjPQ	Chuck Norris recently won the celebrity 'Dancing with the Stars' TV competition with his rendition of a Rottweiler dragging is ass across the carpet.
9PO1YaVwQbGbGjGbp0VpDw	when Chuck Norris lost his ring he made he commanded SADAKU to retrieve it
JaQTsFytR-i4FV2AYTzw4w	Chuck Norris contacted Smallpox. It made him sniffle and it evolved into Ebola. So he blew his nose while on vacation in Liberia.
hnVkp0ciT9qsNwNmK1oPPQ	Q:What does Chuck Norris eat for breakfast? A:Nails and bullets. His beverage is gasoline.
Dg4aTNSlSHGJK6g_ezJxDg	When Chuck Norris gets really mad, he raises the roof. LITERALLY.
wbm-Y0u1QFKczNK2cd8cgQ	Chuck Norris keeps a machete hidden inside his foreskin.
asmYxIHqSki16SU_kHNvEA	Chuck Norris doesn't give his wife anniversary presents. The honer of being Mrs Chuck Norris is enough for her.
odognilzqycwinumdqbwwq	Chuck Norris uses ribbed condoms inside out, so he gets the pleasure.
ZCprzL0VQkOfWsusRzdFhw	Chuck Norris isn't in the army the army's in Chuck Norris
KIdYOmxZTmO6gkRmC6MJaA	Chuck Norris can speak brail
0Rw-BctpQU-eJKJQZFtHVw	Chuck Norris used steel wool and his two middle fingers to knit himself a Chevrolet 4x4 double-cab monster pickup truck.
OofgqUISRZOgqo2tqsU6Ow	Chuck Norris once jumped up a bannana tree and sang the Star Spangled Banner backwards. When asked why he replied "Happy pappy bang bang!" then shat his pants
vckjiLtSQ72z5Ml9kgq0wA	Chuck Norris once created a rock so heavy that even Chuck Norris couldn't lift it, then he lifted it anyway, just to show the who the fuck Chuck Norris is.
3CvcC2PgQWubrywAaPj32g	Chuck Norris won a staring contest against medusa
RChm8djZRx6Ovr0sH3aBeQ	Chuck Norris believes that for every action there is an equal and opposite roundhouse kick to your head.
NlRTw5ZHRe-gTCkqTrcYdQ	Chuck Norris doesn't need a baseball bat to Beat on the Brat.
J_WCwWyMQAmxXa6EYen5tA	The reason this website is still standing, is because we are complementing Chuck Norris.
wphkHUtSQUSeox0fMjuvtQ	no one really knows why Sergio Busquets kicked the ball over the bars against Chelsea until now he was threatened by Chuck Norris in the crowd telling him you score this son and you will never be at peace because you will be living in fear thinking when you will feel the wrath of my roundhouse kick
5CKVrHLdShqzRPZah03p3g	World History is simply a chronicling of events that Chuck Norris has let happen.
pooli1vys9qwxmf57_mv-w	Chuck Norris smells what the Rock is cooking... because the Rock is Chuck Norris' personal chef.
TDY_KBBFQIya5ZDzetLO3A	Chuck Norris once held his shit for three days. His defacation is now known as the Rocky Mountains.
sRRPwuP3QJu6qGQyjyEXhw	Chuck Norris is did catch'em all
iZVkxaRVRlmXV2uq8TqgiQ	There are no such thing as disabled people; only people who met Chuck Norris and lived.
JiERQMY4QM-swaA54r_I1g	Chuck Norris once helped an old lady across the street. When a car did not stop, he roundhoused kicked it thus creating the first mini. When the old lady thanked him he roundhoused kicked her for good measure.
74ipdu8erx6sqzutjhmgbq	Chuck Norris does not need to know about class factory pattern. He can instantiate interfaces.
i2z6y4boQzawQvFFTxcEnQ	Chuck Norris does not have a fence. He has a dotted line and a sign that says "I dare you".
xJZEP0BJQHeSR1fyrLgKGw	On January 28th, 1986, NASA said they had a rocket that could fly faster then Chuck Norris......Chuck proved them wrong
yevZ1C6IQViUoVvD6gM8Ng	There's no life on Mars because Chuck Norris have already been there.
NyhyRMD-QzKpiCD7z07T6Q	The only thing that can harm Superman is "Green Kryptonite" which quite interestingly is the scientific name given to Chuck Norris' boogers.
PPxVm6zuSW-Hv5LxENBkqw	The great wall of china was made as a stand for Chuck Norris's penis as Chuck Norris couldn't hold it up him self. Just kidding, he just wasn't bothered. And he HAS been alive that long.
t1HQRTDFRKG0yKzXf_4NnA	Following a recent kickboxing training mishap,Chuck Norris no longer has a shadow.
CvhhOm7nRUaHAHBGXmzr9w	Chuck Norris doesn't call the wrong number. You answer the wrong phone
FOv-Z-gkQ_GaToMVYFuZSA	Chuck Norris can put his coat on before his shirt.
ByFXOIeYSlWKSQpTXhY3Bg	Chuck Norris once got his dick caught in an unfortunate wood chipper accident. After 24 hours of intensive reconstruction, the wood chipper was brought back into a fully functional machine.
4BorCp-GQdSC-xzN5U9ejw	The Japanese surrendered in 1945 not because of the atomic bomb, but because they heard Chuck Norris was about to be unleashed upon them.
6lWz3C-UQW693l_2_dK-cg	Chuck Norris can conect parallel lines
rAWxAkqpTHWGyfBW0fZNog	Chuck Norris once walked down the street with a massive erection. There we no survivors.
9DcH8JO6TLivVLanBHbgng	Chuck Norris' penis is so hard that a cat couldn't scratch it.
NsUnjaXDRMK4_qjhCO7UXg	Chuck Norris makes a rock and a hard place look like a threesome.
2EYMULloRv2bpJjBSL7j5g	What happens between you and Chuck Norris stays between you and Chuck Norris
CBq8fXWGQ3CbWf0COWGidg	Chuck Norris's second child is Tim Tebow
f7VED6lCQ6y0fY_QdOgveA	Chuck Norris can literally slap you stupid.
k4MoTLbmQKq9kzfibpXREg	Chuck Norris' "little black book" was recently used by the Texas government to compile their last phone directory.
sOPjUgkcSm6r6WQaSA6SjA	The day before the MTV awards, Miley was broken in by Chuck Norris.
9O-4_ziCTwKU7-4v7szXUg	Chuck Norris recently set a land-speed record at the Bonneville Salt Flats while riding on a pogo stick.
l00PpeQcTAqizOpKdukHYA	Chuck Norris once wrote..."I will personally roundhouse kick anybody in the face that missplells words!"
0rpfuvomTBK3njXdPd3B1w	Chuck Norris doesn't text message with him fingers. He uses his nose.
T0EOtK6CQxGi4RUPGRctIg	Chuck Norris got lost in the wilderness with Les Stroud and Bear Grylls. After 30 days only Chuck came out alive and had gained 20 pounds. Les and Bears bodies were never founds.
P1429ju0RMS7PQBhzrmHyQ	Chuck Norris can cause you significant pain by squirting banana juice in your eye.
pI3lslTjRVWyeMjdBlnVIg	Chuck Norris lit off 2 fire crackers...It destroyed Hiroshima and Nagasaki
Q5VKxnLRSE-srNtkGgH1MA	It took God 1 week to create the earth and the heavens, it took him 2 weeks to create Chuck Norris!
NqcgUOhxQH2cf7oWrvTj1Q	Mick Jagger: "oh you can't always get what you waaaannt."  Chuck Norris "Yes I can."
RlbX5-BjQ5GOGwRRvmEB-A	A movie about Chuck Norris' early years is in the works, although its production has been delayed -- presumably because they're still trying to find an actor who can read the script without being immediately hospitalized by a serious case of spontaneous ball-shrivelling.
eY_BnudpR-aQfAY9L7IkQQ	Jesus shamelessly wore a Chuck Norris beard.
kXd5ZmVTRP-8ieSkJg2GCw	When you bet, you are engaging in gambling. When Chuck Norris bets, he is engaging in winning.
RETYTBF4QEW9S75MNCtBLQ	When Chuck Norris was Born, the whole Hospital cried.
xwjic1sws_yohsfefndaiw	Chuck Norris once kicked a horse in the chin. Its decendants are known today as Giraffes.
bcVErpcZTEyb7-cs1fLqBA	When Chuck Norris ironed his clothes the steam was blood
HRNEVp-wTzCpofatLyeogA	Chuck Norris' fart can destroy every living entity in the whole world. He holds his fart to save the world. Thank you Chuck!
rkG_VAn9TGiJXq3glYEX5A	Chuck Norris CAN see John Cena.
uSKQfUO4Q7i09B5cDNGf_Q	Chuck Norris gargles peanut butter.
iWlc71eqSfS-WykxUkel-A	Even as a kid he's not afraid of the Dark, Dark is afraid of CHUCK NORRIS.
1iqWBH5-Q_C5Lit1ll-s3g	Chuck Norris thinks Holden Caulfield is a phoney.
GGhoS4-8QWeKg4HUvUkQbQ	Chuck Norris famously once said: "With great power comes great responsibility. But sometimes, y'know, fuck it."
fRKcXqYjTjuSwcvSOOkd2w	Big Foot takes plaster molds of Chuck Norris' footprints
3da7yJK2RVS9-JD8Rj17Ug	The Pope once tried to bless Chuck Norris. Nobody crosses Chuck Norris.
4hq4TBJcSmSg58dhxlCv4Q	Chuck Norris wears two cats impaled with croquet hoops as flip-flops.
CvPS21VFSUyhVFnSRFEnbQ	M. Night Shyamalan will not see the twist ending to his life, which will be Chuck Norris twisting his head off.
ZBmtxlujRZSfXA8j-Ww4Qw	Chuck Norris once shot a cannon out of a clown.
rDsyID_jQY2fQpT8uPABLQ	The signs outside of Chuck Norris' properties all say "TRESPASSERS WILL BE NORRISED"
pFoxZAFaSRais9-SHBJlMg	Chuck Norris is a proud sponsor of death!
PLwK9wWgR525DB5AFhmtiA	The Grim Reaper looked at Chuck Norris and was pantsed and round house kicked in the balls, at the same time a new born child was named: Chuck Alfred Norris Tomas, and died instantly.
gbZ8UuiYR1Ci9ixUz1c94g	Chuck Norris can stop the space-time continum
n0it85Y-Sae48n7AWnJSOA	Davy Crockett shot his first bear when he was only 3. Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked his first bear into oblivion when he was only 6 months old.
9uslbIAvRxu8zPZ1sjYlMQ	Chuck Norris doesn't sleep with a gun he sleeps with his fist.
4AuzH_1_TYqZhXU1S-IaLg	Chuck Norris can run faster than the speed of light and kick light in its ass and send it flying even faster than the speed of light, and then run faster than the new speed of light and again do the same over and over again. Every time he does it new universes are created.
nwverOpGTT2r3A5jYtoAtA	Chuck Norris can have phone sex using morse code.
TRY1jUC6Q2aw7wvdEhlZtw	Led Zeppelin originally wanted to call their songs "Whole Lotta Chuck" and "Stairway To Chuck Norris' Basement"
p1HYJoQ3T66Ut1gBxGW7UA	If you dare to eat a bowl Chuck Norris' homemade Texas Hot Chile and later take a dump, you'll need to wipe your ass with a snow cone.
1hRzxK8GQSa-qrdenUGiFw	Chuck Norris wasn't born, he was created by fusing together an uzi machine gun, beard hair, cowboy boots, pure rage, and chucktanium heated to 300,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000degrees celsius and cooled in a dry ice chamber located at the bottom of the ocean where they THOUGHT he couldn't escape!
LP1k_3DaR2Cy3J9n_Po9jQ	Chuck norris says: Ima Firin Mah Lazor Shoop-de-woop yo ass
0A8dy1d2RbeP3NOe52DuJw	In fact there is no Google satellite views, just Chuck Norris eyes that he lets you to use it.
-WKJIRKhRQuCU5VXDVUKuA	Chuck Norris was at a drugstore recently and mistaken for an employee. A lady asked "do you have cotton balls"? Chuck replied "no ma'am, mine are solid meat".
iyqJyygVSDWpUg754d0zXg	Bill Gates recently received a video tape of Chuck Norris holding up Steve Jobs' severed head and repeating 'you're next, egghead'.
QNzn-O17TjC2iSBUOdlLog	Chuck Norris doesn't chew gum balls. he chews bowling balls.
gt668veCS5iPFlJRBvfJqQ	Chuck Norris may not have invented death, but he sure as hell perfected it.
zKc3iU1RTeGleo7660lXhg	Women line up just for the thrill of giving Chuck Norris a hickey on his hemorrhoids.
ktCzo7lgRQS6BZ9581vhQA	Chuck Norris has a million Espurr. When they hug his legs, you better get the bleep out of there, or else you'll die a death worse than a normal Chuck Norris roundhouse kick.  Don't believe me? Have you even READ Espurr's Pokedex entries?
BHMrb2JjS-O4v0DBizeFtA	Chuck Norris doesn't count his chicken before they hatch. He cracks them and eats them.
t1eAZ4vOQoyQtqdRzVSFeg	Chuck Norris doesnt have to have a no solicating sign on his door. he just pee's around the door and sales men know to leave as fast as they can or they will have 5 sec left to live
KC54acTTT6iPf9FD0m7VWw	Chuck Norris once took a test called the S.T.A.N.D. he got pissed before he got to the tenth question and roundhoused it.... it is now known as the S.A.T.
CNJjsJHGQum1UWf3AgESHA	Chuck Norris like to go for a nap outside during all of his flights.
5JK43kLSRC24Z_bMShU6dw	Chuck Norris can literally order Flied Lice at a Chinese takeout.
THzJk6ZsRi6W0rR-Cb2H2g	Chuck Norris requires all women with false teeth to remove them and replace them with Brillo Pads before giving him a blow job.
zvno1ZJIQfetnTX5ye8TwQ	The Old Spice Man aspires to smell like Chuck Norris
62ckxLUaREeLmC7Ri_P1rA	Chuck Norris won a car on The Price is Right by guessing a can of tuna was worth $5,467...
-Kv0E0IwRTmXWeXrDXPPJg	If you give a man a fish, he will eat for a day. If you give Chuck Norris a fish, he will kill you with it.
OdwD8V3DTmq4DKroFJuzkg	Chuck Norris favorite artist is Celine Dion. No homo.
eHsRfgYdRDG4SWBJCFM3Mg	As Chuck Norris' biggest fan once put it, "There's a certain poetic quality to my killing sprees."
-ZncWPhhTqGjsSMpPBpWqA	The end of the world is scared to come because Chuck Norris will round house kick is ass.
Xr51Ho8XS5Splj6XN9ChCQ	Harry potter is chuck Norris's love child
xnuwaugts-kehep-plwhpw	Chuck Norris invented Kentucky Fried Chicken's famous secret recipe with eleven herbs and spices. Nobody ever mentions the twelfth ingredient: Fear.
x-TQIGH4QumV2jMlEuK9EQ	Chuck Norris' name in Spanish.... El Nino.
VEDOQuIsSI-2CAgq3-2DaQ	Chuck Norris is all for same-sex marriage, as long as both chicks are hot.
aVmhcsu4TYS-SywQMwUvYw	Chuck Norris is probably watching you right now. Don't turn around.
0mm6Oy-HSse7xKBZMHmPwg	Chuck Norris' chest hair can absorb a shotgun blast.
9CdMLQgGSmOIR361rBB9hg	When Chuck Norris has a bone to pick, it's always the jawbone.
BvIsFDdiT7W8JVGXqvM02w	Chuck Norris killed Biggie and Pac
YlAApc90S5OH6sjpcFk3Vg	Chuck Norris has bagged a shit load of oscars, and that's from cameo roles alone.
kre3np9bqxqq1ndppyxh8q	Chuck Norris proved that we are alone in the universe. We weren't before his first space expedition.
1vyAb9GLTk678vbDzLXp_Q	If you Google search Chuck Norris and misspell it, it dosen't say "did you mean..." instead it says "run while you still have the chance"
wTLPK3P_QxCDI5IzyPl4wA	Superman's cape is made from Chuck Norris' chest hair.
2itjvbXZTcScUiuAMoOPLA	Chuck Norris can slit your throat with his pinkie toenail.
yTYCH0GyQgGm0kzfLcbggw	Chuck Norris breaks the 2nd law of thermodynamics every time he cleans his house.
zc2g3me0rnqbfankmo99hq	MacGyver immediately tried to make a bomb out of some Q-Tips and Gatorade, but Chuck Norris roundhouse-kicked him in the solar plexus. MacGyver promptly threw up his own heart.
J87BuhadSOChapnjUb4jlg	Filming on location for Walker: Texas Ranger, Chuck Norris brought a stillborn baby lamb back to life by giving it a prolonged beard rub. Shortly after the farm animal sprang back to life and a crowd had gathered, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the animal, breaking its neck, to remind the crew once more that Chuck giveth, and the good Chuck, he taketh away.
EAWzGqO9QdqOAjtY3MVPew	When you search "Chuck Norris getting his ass kicked," on any search machine, you will generate zero results. It just doesn't happen, and it never will too!
tzwV5RJkS-mD0cwIlrwaPA	Chuck Norris can bowl a 300. In four frames.
xsKiYuRfRoueJvISD_n-Qw	Chuck Norris has won many a contest merely by showing up.
hLyLI6p_QDOJiRk2BFmAGg	Chuck Norris bent Victoria Beckam.
lU75U3olS2-kJZQw0hx-GQ	Chuck Norris performs colonoscopies on himself.
EV25fGQjQsmVBlR1Lt7GhA	Chuck Norris has only needs help with one thing picking his dick up to piss.
gIN_0wcoT6SzeUg7uqjUnQ	Chuck Norris paints his house once a year with a human head.
KFIz7aRTQUSDO6H8ZP8k4w	Chuck Norris does not kill you; your already dead when you see him.
SmSE4OsrSGmJ2wnxmHjrPQ	Chuck Norris doesn't believe in God, God believes in Chuck Norris.
-vZWD2GgTjaf1PO7F2kgng	Chuck Norris doesn't drink water he drinks sulfuric acid with a hint of lemon
V3gTpFKcTCKhFOSPYlm45g	Chuck Norris doesn't need to eat. He runs on the fear of his enemies.
qNyBQtB2SJqguoKaIQooZw	Chuck Norris does not walk dogs, his cats do.
jEHcxnd1QPO5iE9aCCeR7g	Chuck Norris is a man of his word. Every contract he signs, he signs in blood....Your Blood for doubting his word
go6nGny4S72B9YAVBq1f2g	Chuck norris once whent to pizzahut. He ordered an eggroll with some swiss cheese. A rotten cow corpse.A dead president.And a large box with Hellfire missiles. Pizza hut served it on a big tuna fish pizza. Chuck Norris Roundhousekicked the whole place to oblivion making everyone inside suffer terrible pain for eternity.  Chuck norris did not order any pizza.
7LAn7lq_TceelI9aP_jpLw	Chuck Norris is the reason we, as a species, can't have nice things.
JQG-X0s3QUSXMaBbl1e7ig	My dad cries whenever i threaten him with calling Chuck Norris
C6Cf0sTaQgy0GV4ObyeMKQ	Catholics believe the Pope is the vicar of Christ. Jesus was the vicar of Chuck Norris.
GPkBTWh2RUWiymq_UU8-bA	Bigfoot has plaster casts of Chuck Norris' foot prints.
KqKSvWqTSVSTV0-gYCnuxg	Chuck Norris can say "I'm fallen in love with you" to a woman without mosbying her.
w7JjSWxqQFm7bpXiLiK_kQ	Chuck Norris discovered the theory of relativity. When Albert Einstein found out he decided to make it public. Chuck Norris got angry and roundhouse kicked him in the face. Albert Einstein is now known as Stephen Hawking.
YdnEsTugRI-kW1sH7z0-GA	If Chuck Norris was God, there would be no sand but only concrete, no water but only Liquir.
ydK-mA0eTzeplWyYdKpfQg	The following is the first fact/joke on this website.  Chuck Norris once bet NASA he could survive reentry without a spacesuit. On July 19, 1999, a naked Chuck Norris reentered the earth's atmosphere, streaking over 14 states and reaching a temperature of 3,000 degrees. An embarrassed NASA publicly claimed it was a meteor, and still owes him a beer.  I know because I posted it on here.
2IZw9EzwRfubhVvV941kJA	Chuck Norris has the unsafest sex on earth.
3K5DsgF7Td2vkTDc8vBtWw	Jesus could turn water into wine. Chuck Norris can turn his own piss into award-winning top shelf whiskey.
IMgH_ckjTV2BJUbCmyZJFA	Chuck Norris makes "smart bombs" look like a bunch of knuckleheads.
O9eUbqwUQrazSyiIHZ6lGQ	Chuck Norris could call the National Organization for Women "a bunch of fucked-up cunts" and still win their Feminist of the Year award.
uSXVSvFnS_aFFYjKtume6w	Can The Rock smell what Chuck Norris is cooking?
Ugi3zbpTQUK-CjE7nNz_Ug	The California Redwood forest is Chuck Norris toothpick factory
bygddhw2tuqct4hxazxrnw	Chuck Norris has volunteered to remain on earth after the Rapture; he will spend his time fighting the Anti-Christ.
6i6tiuAJQ-GbgLXa9QM8jw	Rome wasn't built in a day.  But, Chuck Norris did level the city within seconds.
4r2ie7ATSPq69zRBYcxmSw	Chuck Norris ate concrete and shit out a brick
AEhKl-XsQWaPmoqiy9EbUw	CHUCK NORRIS IS ACTUALLY B******* O FROM LONDON
cBxu2VjGS9ilMysEBGAzfw	Chuck Norris can dicieve his own mind!
gX5LgbBPRz2YPene2AZyrQ	Chuck Norris' calendar skips April 1st, because nobody fools Chuck Norris.
y-Jg50NRRmex84M3dv_ywA	Chuck Norris taught Robin Thicke how to give women Sex Therapy.
YGl2uDwQSKyjjeRj6qnk4w	Many don't know Chuck Norris was arrested when he was 10. Chuck beat up a 26 year old guy in a bar fight.
iNmA3fofScqorFXWo3g0MQ	Chuck Norris once loaned the dinosaurs money. They never payed him back.
5kWKoqquQBGo6Vw9B3OALA	Chuck Norris' apache name is Chuck Norris.
hTN0Y6BRT1-y-kl7dmgz6Q	Chuck Norris shot first.
R6h4MndXRx2tjw1nXP7sFQ	If Chuck Norris was a twilight vampire, he wouldn't sparkle, he'd blind you for life b/c nobody will ever see Chuck Norris as such a travisty
QY4jiLa2T86erJtWJ5elXA	Chuck Norris head may be in the clouds but his round house kick is in the back of your face.
yfyl-g7yRIKzhdZuzWlkUA	Chuck Norris once gave Mike Tyson a black eye.
1TInRsnmTuO-e0qlzKLFOQ	Chuck Norris once possessed an evil spirit.
0cIKamHzTTCVb-fcjAIbIg	The dinosaurs didn't go extinct Chuck Norris scared them out of existence.
oI_ORcH3QtCv1sZdotFn3w	Chuck Norris invented the soccer ball by dehydrating a zebra.
ERN6uLCwT2axwFnplvXjYQ	Nobody knows it, but there was actually a world war 3. When Chuck Norris told the world he was gonna fight by himself everybody quit and hid.
j88I9s4kSG2Uexjcy0nyvA	Some people can make animal shapes out of balloons.  Chuck Norris can do the same with human organs.
OMj1kqk9RdCgUgUFckbqww	Michele Bachmann's face needed pastic surgery again after she called Chuck Norris' mother a social succubus for recieving social security payments that her husband & she paid into for 50 years.
g7VJOKGcT16W5pdb6ukYSQ	Chuck Norris has a cameo in Armageddon, The day after tomorrow, 2012, and war of the worlds... as the same role.
KCFRbf6gSP2N7uBXNGSuVQ	A journey of a thousand miles starts with a single step... and of course can be ended with a single brutal Chuck Norris spinning snap kick to the side of the face. So think about that.
PWjlfxRLR0mjkGOTfg8V1w	Why is Chuck Norris awesome? because hes Chuck Norris.
9zcJlGVOSYWOeQjRMcTlFA	Genesis 32:30- I have seen the face of God Chuck Norris 1:1- I punched the shit out of it
lZnOERIZT5KC9J2AAxfPjw	Chuck Norris was expelled from the 5th grade when he took Steve, his pet Velociraptor for show and tell.
v__D6rbJST-k94JinGnMBg	Chuck Norris was asked if he would be willing to wrestle a Grizzly Bear. Chuck said he would and then added "I didn't know Rosie O'Donnell was in town".
NyI3R7MsR0CfUTmQqrbAfw	Chuck Norris created "Where's Waldo?". He wasn't a fan of the name Waldo, so he round house kicked him in the face and no one has seen Waldo since...hence where's Waldo?
NDnlyJsgS52vt__KGUkbjA	Chuck norris pooed in the petri dish and Chuck norris petrified the batlisk
74i8DU5lQOyuTmAzqeXx5w	Chuck Norris washes his dishes with an angle-grinder.
EMlnUXW5SJG8fiwD9PQ9wA	Whenever you say to yourself, 'at least it can't get any worse than this', that's usually the exact moment when Chuck Norris penetrates your mother.
xdLHI9I4S7OBg3dAGMpVig	Chuck Norris fucks you so bad it feels good
WMxQNWEaQcuH4OJ9ZzEB6Q	Chuck Norris smokes crack addicts.
wW7hbbzNROexVIzpgy_eaA	Chuck Norris doesn't take an arrow to the knee, he takes his knee to the arrow
JfyGr-q-QCWm1epZstar1g	Chuck Norris once ran a marathon because it was on his way.
yJD3GmIlT-edQVEdMBHYWQ	Christiano Ronaldo is only good at soccer for one reason.Chuck Norris taught him how to roundhouse the ball.
ylcomtcbSP-kPJnaP64L5g	MICHAEL JACKSON MOLESTED LITTLE KIDS... CHUCK NORRIS MOLESTED MICHAEL.
RSkXWb2pSnaqFSA-uL8IkQ	Chuck Norris knows when God will return.
Hnp1mLMtRnSQ9T0c2yb_vQ	Chuck norris can jump rope with steel pipe. OH he also plays frisbee golf with discuss!
g96iRXO6TPWAgWkrWf_YRQ	once upon a time Chuck Norris seen a mime"hello" said chuck the mime didnt answer so he round house kicked him to death.
4ldIG1sERiuWjh9xdytCrg	Chuck norris was batman and Bruce Wayne was Robin, but then chuck got bored so Bruce was promoted
lP6V4K5cT0CM8RXH1MqESA	Chuck Norris measurments are 10000-9000-30000000000000 the bottom piece is more bigger because he is best trained foot fighter(roundhousekick)
xIYU9-KDQS-Epsh1p04Z0w	Chuck Norris and Rodney Mullen were skateboarding in Singapore. Rodney got fined, and Chuck got paid
f0vaqb7XSz657d0AKDfOaw	Chuck Norris can kill people with a single thought. Too bad he overwhelms them with MILLIONS.
99uYVWvCScmdIz0LDIXtDQ	Chuck Norris relaxes in his acid bath to the soothing strains of Norwegian black metal.
vj0xoCxARX-BdVxH_NsaPQ	Chuck Norris is so fast, he can run around the world and punch himself in the back of the head.
wez-6CR2TfOH8OniIO3XyQ	CHUCK NORRIS ONLY COUNTS BACKWARDS WHY ? BECAUSE HE CAN
ysJrKjRsS--EBwgTKHZLTw	When life gives Chuck Norris lemons, he makes life apologize.
CEaF9GClQVuCM3N3JlSvsg	Chuck Norris just had an incredible threesome with Courtney Love and Yoko Ono.
uCkzD5dNTWmjJlvbsU7twQ	Chuck Norris could solve every division and subtraction problem since he started martial arts.
mZuSbE8USkKiHjbR7jwaoA	Chuck Norris regularly beats buskers to death with their own guitars.
eFDrEXsBSi-h8w0zdH5MHQ	Chuck Norris can turn even the safest firework into an instrument of mass destruction.
0ML0sQF1RjWZHk_g5mvlQQ	In chucktatorship you get to vote only once. But in Chuck Norris' chucktatorship he gets to vote as many times as he wants.
t9w91shhQo6RraAEYfspXw	MALIIEEENN!NN@!@!@ MAAAAAAALLKUIIIENEEENNENENNEN  palien jalien alien + jieioenriownefionwef makwes a jeusus dack sucking cock fag hrawrawrygyub nah man  Chuck Norris is so kool dat w3n h3 g3ts h0rn3y h3 k1ll5 5000 p30pl3s
8M2MppQuTGGKpoPOX0esUw	Chuck Norris does not need hair dye, he scares it back to it's original color
SkRVngB5ThuCB5ms9M7fpA	Chuck Norris is basically a giant throbbing pair of testicles with a cowboy hat and beard.
tATUgSQsQ6Oi4BBNCVOEUQ	Chuck Norris fought the law. Guess who the fuck won.
FS-1nOdRR9-nRu8KsjpE5Q	Chuck Norris invented bacon by throwing a pig through a chain-link fence.
OZBB8K72ThueyzGJl7uIwA	I carry a gun on my hip because Chuck Norris is too heavy.
8th7jBXETGCayqIoY-8p7Q	The people you see with brown teeth were in a room when Chuck Norris farted.
esHjeiRMS8SafK4lABg1jw	Thanksgiving was fist celebrated by the Pilgrims near Plymouth Rock in 1621 because they were thankful that Chuck Norris wasn't there to kick thier ass.
2eVjkYtCTeiGjb3DiSw6zQ	There is great debate over whether The Book Of Chuck (written by Chuck Norris in 1989) should be included in the Bible. It mostly contains stories of Norris' sexual conquests and his overall  Godliness, but the occasional philosophy contained within easily renders the rest of the books  obsolete.
0PvaPGmKSNuRXLQPYiAiOQ	Those who say you can't unring a bell never met Chuck Norris.
jb1EVRm6RZCqhCVyBftbOQ	If Chuck Norris gave you a back rub, the coroner would swear you swallowed a hand grenade.
iLZfXjAVQCWcldPchDKZUw	If Chuck Norris EVER wants to see you talk, he will ram his arm up your ass and work your mouth like a puppet.
Hpuq-8ohR2KI-L6Otc3Jig	Chuck Norris once took a crap on a crap table.. and won nine million dollars.
CVsAelauRC2x0u4G_s3z2g	Chuck Norris talked to himself in his mother's womb.
-tcMhGBVSYqiAThUP3FYVw	Chuck Norris has a hemorrhoid the size of a bowling ball. He's been so busy kicking ass that hasn't even noticed it yet.
hpves7kxrm68d_rvcuuivg	Chuck Norris does infinit loops in 4 seconds.
q3pG5oY-SMOhgah3n_ErLw	If you see Chuck Norris at a picnic, beware: Chuck Norris can decapitate anyone at any time with a flying paper plate.
lF4VhsA6QH2-rdJpKFdTCg	Chuck Norris was once asked if he liked soccer.   The last thing the questioner ever saw was Chuck's boot just before his decapitation.
LQ2DCqlyQeie32ovFUf4Mg	If u spell CHUCK NORRIS without capitalizing his letters he'll wil roundhouse kick you 230,000,000 times less then a half a second and the only this u will see is your body in a coffin. It is a good thing that I capitalized his
6Ycdt917RDm1LDhOvsD9OA	A cop stopped Chuck Norris for speeding. When he realized what he had done, the cop wrote himself a ticket for Contempt of Chuck Norris.
LZEhHlCIQvukRVWNWFLrXA	Chuck Norris kills only on days that end with "y"
43r3uoa5SiuCliT44DdJow	When Chuck Norris round house kicked hulk hogan he turned into Britney spears and got sent to the seventh dimension that is power ful
urzvrrpnttmipfzzpkvblq	Chuck Norris doesn't need to use AJAX because pages are too afraid to postback anyways.
PsdLjHSHTUORvMzUNsha0g	I KILLED CHUCK NORRIS! lol just kidding, Chuck Norris killed me.
Ol7c0HG_TkuP7eFSl4dLFQ	Chuck Norris' favorite video is the tape from the movie "the ring" Ironically, if you watch the movie "sidekicks", and dont like it, Chuck Norris will roundhouse kick you and when they find your corpse, your face will look the same as the people who died from watching the tape in "the ring".
FvM1qRDwTRG91y1hYNOXKw	Chuck Norris is his own grandpa
khcbmvvcqbqwovme9bq4rq	Chuck Norris crossed the road. No one has ever dared question his motives.
jDKYcZRwTVmHmOt1mDs-2w	Ice doesn't melt in the Sun,Chuck Norris melts it with his.....MIND!
IvilmxMHQLOYOJGMhVKb1Q	Fear of spiders is Arachnophobia Fear of tight spaces is Claustrophobia Fear of love is Philophobia Fear of gravity is Barophobia Fear of time is Chronophobia Fear of ideas is Ideophobia Fear of speed is Tachophobia Fear of Chuck Norris is called Chuckophobia HAHA just kidding. Fear of Chuck Norris is called logic.
cYgIYjUdRYu560pQe9Prgw	Chuck Norris is so awesome when he touches your house it burns down.
pjn5_xznqmi8tjef92gtva	Chuck Norris likes his ice like he likes his skulls: crushed.
ughqsstqtmihbbknicskaq	Chuck Norris does not need try-catch blocks, exceptions are too afraid to raise.
jGuzvQFVTz2tLm32iLIeaA	Chuck Norris's wife uses insurance provided birth control pills. Wonder why Rush Limbaugh didn't call her a slut?
kHZY5TcPSiCTfEQLjw1muQ	Wilt Chamberlain claimed to have slept with 20,000 women in his life, or only 1.8 billion less than Chuck Norris.
a1N-fvVQRbCpEqtCVb3bvg	Chuck Norris only smokes cigars after making love. He's a forty-a-day man.
IC_qnimEQkCr13w2WfdNeg	The ten commandments abide to everyone except Chuck Norris because there is no superior to him
nWDGC-ftReK71GV2lrK1gQ	Chuck Norris always flips the script. That's the only reason why he doesn't get more movie roles.
PFlFeJWHTIuHaQmQ2mhzyA	Taco Bell quiere Chuck Norris
5FzyZmp1RHu7nFZ68RyTkA	Chuck Norris invented the word "kill" as well as other words like "die", "beer" and "cunnilingus".
LkCUKcLDTFaMWGEf1tg0zg	On June 7th 1994, Chuck Norris entered the same restaurant supermodel Cindy Crawford was eating at. Instinctively, Cindy swept everything off the table, threw herself on it in a fit of lust, and begged Chuck to ravish her. After Chuck finished his beer, he obliged her. When Chuck's magnificent lead sperm cannoned into Cindy's womb it went straight to one of her ovaries and roared, "Which one of you servile wenches thinks you can handle getting split open by the Chuck!?" All of the eggs cowered in the corner. The same thing happened at the other ovary. "I didn't fucking think so!" shouted the lead sperm which then lead the rest of the troops back into Chuck's balls. Chuck pulled out; roundhouse kicked Cindy in the face and told her, "Don't ever waste my time again."
6VD662gkTBGLYHqTW_zF6A	Too much love will NOT kill you, eevery time but a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick to the face will kill you. Eevery time.
HIS_g_nJQeO0e2f_ocdY9g	Chuck Norris is the only person on earth who can make a mullet look cool.
di3kL1L1RtC9ejtOoUAQNA	Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked Mr Lawrence Thread so hard all that was left of his name was Mr T.
IQQ4mZYIQXqu7tsrW_DCzw	Chuck Norris' erections hum.
OHXHN2LwS_qDSe0klSMtKg	Chuck Norris was never born. he roundhouse kicked his way out of his mothers whom and proceded on kicking the rest of the doctors to.
e0qejf_zqjumu4rpg1huua	Fear is not the only emotion Chuck Norris can smell. He can also detect hope, as in "I hope I don't get a roundhouse kick from Chuck Norris."
GBR0v5oRTRamdghZFUi50g	Chuck Norris killed the submitter of joke #1868 while the submitter was writing it because of what the joke said.
15glB4vcTXeRk6-WE_llgQ	If you piss off Chuck Norris enough, he will knock your ass out, pull your eyelashes down far enough to hook them on your toenails and play you like a banjo.
7Ozov-CWR0erDeszZHME9g	Who let the dogs out? Chuck Norris. He them proceeded to roundhouse kick each and every one of them.
qEDpbndDQlCaGLb2KYm50g	Prior to contrary belief, the Red Sea was actually parted by Chuck Norris.
Vju379FXTsK1D0M6nxewjg	If someone says, nobodys perfect, Chuck Norris takes that as a personal insult.
9y7m4lGSTm6frWvcXIQKDA	Nobody knows how many fingers Chuck Norris has on each hand because no one can tell before they die.
5DExWFdORkiBvr6uIimQCA	Chuck Norris once threw a Kenworth into the Pacific Ocean. It became known as Octopus Prime.
tjq8lv6lqi-uoo5cxiu2oa	Chuck Norris can be unlocked on the hardest level of Tekken. But only Chuck Norris is skilled enough to unlock himself. Then he roundhouse kicks the Playstation back to Japan.
c-hMmlSXQHyzvSAYdITpzw	Chuck Norris eats steel and craps samurai swords, which he throws away because Chuck Norris dont need weapons for mass destruction
uTK2OwUPRQu5yHihN2rzCQ	Little known fact: the Internet would've shut down from lack of interest around 2005 if it wasn't for Chuck Norris facts.
ltdXW7GfSn61Q8mnBPSYdQ	When Chuck Norris makes love to a woman, the Earth literally moves for her, at least at 3.5 on the Richter Scale.
RZ6mRZmwQl-0yo_Rlkz9_A	Chuck Norris is your father!
gSktcXdcRJCIZUXnAdUL6w	The only time Chuck Norris ever made a mistake was when he was writing about killing a squadron of ninjas. As he was writing that he 'owned' them, his finger slipped and wrote 'pwned' instead. It immediately became an official, widely-used term.
s-HkCaTdQ72LlkHUnyBmFQ	After watching the movie 'Titanic', Chuck Norris had tears in his eyes. Tears of laughter.
pattwbdusdgzo753xnhyxw	Science Fact: Roundhouse kicks are comprised primarily of an element called Chucktanium.
vi54WtnWTgeqLNKX_yFPYw	Chuck Norris grows his crops on solid concrete,and they are twice the size of ground grown crops.
DNQYVexERpCd8BgkekVUIw	Chuck Norris gets ever so slightly more healthy and strong with each cigar.
vugxeryxthmn186raqgnng	When Chuck Norris is web surfing websites get the message "Warning: Internet Explorer has deemed this user to be malicious or dangerous. Proceed?".
pL01aL9TR8aVca0_r7ODOA	chinese people are always squinting there eyes because there afraid if they open them they'll see Chuck Norris
1OnckJtaQreIMgp1z5wSlA	Chuck Norris created girafes wen he uppercutted a horse
fcEug2BcRqOqdAOOQYnE3g	Chuck Norris' ringtone is considered a weapon of mass destruction.
CeR0HRkXTlS5NHwQUriXMA	In 1978, a suicidal man,convinced that insulting Chuck Norris would result in instant death, walked right up to him and called him 'Shmuck Novice' to his face. You don't wanna know what is still happening to him.
DGRd2sdlTMqo4dujDYSxIA	Anthrax is reverse-engineered from Chuck Norris' white blood cells and was originally called Chuckthrax.
yBCMxnPmTVW3xezu4Csd9g	Converse were originally called Chuck Norris...not Chuck Taylor.
g5qufmrbrog5pibxtso_qq	Chuck Norris can win at solitaire with only 18 cards.
G6OetY_lTQep931dd_z10g	"Doom" -- 1) a popular video game. 2) Your inevitable fate if you fight Chuck Norris.
HJzA3JzQQuKXbjcz0gyURg	The film Hellbound is actually a documentary. Satan has, in fact, been dead since 1994, when Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked him.
qZZjZfszSsa9Axf67Ok-tw	Chuck Norris is all about that roundhouse kick, bout that roundhouse kick. No punches.
XvhvQJ7JRhG_uSo7-bXLdA	Chuck Norris was once caught without a ticket on the train. The inspector was fined $110.
TmWVCQCqR76NgCwkfW-ULQ	Chuck Norris has so many friends on facebook, he needs 3 accounts
cp9n0jcptxm266odz7cbow	Chuck Norris once won a game of connect four in 3 moves.
tNcWDyu8T8yELPKmTYEMIQ	Chuck Norris won every leg of the Tour de France by pedaling a unicycle backwards so he could view the face of every second place finisher.
g5KVHJRNTB-lkFumEj2EcA	Chuck Norris once created a rugskin bear.
C63WgzqCSimQO_Ms9466NA	The last time Chuck Norris farted, Steven Seagal was born
vSTlm5PCSJCA3BYMSADlFQ	Steve Jobs gave a free iPad to Chuck Norris as a token of goodwill. Chuck Norris instantly rammed the device up Jobs' anus for insulting his unquestionable masculinity.
VYGU0m_BQrS2GhD_TRjZiw	Chuck Norris can ice skate with roller blades
ZaRFhCQAR0W9l-Zw8eCRww	Chuck Norris roundhoused a guy so hard he starved to death before he stopped sliding.
1E9byju0S0WhWNdXe1LViA	Chuck Norris was once in a crowded elevator when it suddenly stopped. Norris immediately climbed up through the the hatch in the ceiling, grabbed onto the cable, pointed his assult rifle at the pulley, then looked up and said 'there is no spoon. There is only Norris.'
o46rlpv8Sgyewwmk-iaptA	There was supposed to be a Office 2008 but the spell check on word failed to capitalize Chuck Norris's name so he round house kicked it out of existence.
3vZfMm39StWdV7WQDxGXjQ	Chuck Norris once made an egg lay a chicken.
IcHMW3lmSLuc3uq8QW2eJQ	There were originally 11 commandments. Unfortunately Moses did not catch the last. 'Thou shalt not fuck with Chuck Norris.'
L_2liUb1Tb2_DTJkmLbllg	When economic crisis comes, you should know that Chuck Norris is playing Monopoly.
RvPofpJBRSWAA7_Ce6LlWw	At birth, Chuck Norris immediately excised his parasitic twin, instantly roundhouse kicked his ass and threw him out the 10th story hospital room. We now know the parasitic twin as PeeWee Herman.
m03FVCPQQFGTReVeruaZMQ	Chuck Norris can tug on Superman's cape. Chuck Norris can spit into the wind. Chuck Norris can pull the mask off the old Lone Ranger, and he can mess around with Jim.
q5BnPeGbS6K_hCTaMuL6BA	Chuck Norris does not dream.
0zMEbv0yTf6aVw1darYxWg	Before snapping your neck, Chuck Norris will tell you the best shampoo you should have used.
Yf-VFCv2SLqqecPCly-XXA	The upcoming debut album by the Chuck Norris Experience is expected to become the highest-selling album of all time.
RWl73nz5QnqhCjE8JQyKaQ	Chuck Norris can walk into some asshole's house, murder everyone inside, then have a massive KFC feast and an orgy and walk out without leaving a single strand of DNA.
4pmKry_xQp6M1oEFfDuhAA	Allstate may protect you from mayhem, but it is useless against Chuck Norris.
8UNnN1pqT7ezT-XeVAdH8w	I put Chuck Norris into an online anagram generator and only got one anagram - "Don't rearrange these letters or else Chuck Norris will rearrange your face."
fOnb-u25TKWg-DpACzFFtw	Chuck Norris doesn't get frostbite, Chuck Norris bites the frost.
2p5LuzbYS5mvJp4Qb7BcFw	If you spell "Chuck Norris" while playing Scrabble - you win. Forever.
8v5knlXfS1qMPqrzEwRa0A	Hammertime does not stop Chuck Norris
WzSTX5RdTcS6IBrbk_OlNw	Chuck Norris is the best cop ever. Why? He can roundhouse-kick criminals straight to jail.
0jAv-lTCQ6umue4KbZSFEw	Chuck Norris's Car doesn't have any indicators.
g2VyyjIoTGOU1DVw_JnJ_w	Chuck Norris can sneeze with his eyes open.
Ph-efwMsR0qU48CAmX6Zyw	Chuck Norris once demonstrated CPR, and actually brought the dummy to life.
KOaqrHmKQgiKfzHIF_q4JA	Chuck Norris doesn't believe in god, god believes in Chuck Norris.
6FiYzbXdTYS0T-EkesMHDA	Chuck Norris won American idol using only sign language.
fX5GnZ1fQ1ypJUvsWzFV3Q	Chuck Norris' tongue is actually an atypical proboscis which he has adapted to absorb the last few drops of liquid & foam from the bottom of his beer cans.
byzG0w0zSN6P8HeuIqWsiQ	Chuck norris ass can make his farts sound like a beautiful symphony
ExcA6hOLS7u3KtE60k2f1Q	Chuck Norris destroyed my mommy.
e3LIzf2VQiSTWHqYqT5xXw	I made an error for 5720. The world will not end, to probably everyone's relief. Here is the corrected version:  Chuck Norris can tgjiethgrvljhjdhntsrndkhjdkhkfghbjrdsnhwedjkwbnjdfss HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACK! STOP! PLEASE! I BEG UH   He died. I knew what he was going to say. It's super secret. If anyone knows, they die. Oh, and he was using this software called "Dragon": it's a speech-to-text device. - Chuck Norris
nRWtpc7HQ6udy1xqucRurg	Chuck Norris said he will give the Jews something to cry about if they don't stop milking the holocaust and get the fuck over it.
ot1bq3lrt_23uwmakbba3g	When Chuck Norris plays Oregon Trail, his family does not die from cholera or dysentery, but rather, roundhouse kicks to the face. He also requires no wagon, since he carries the oxen, axels, and buffalo meat on his back. He always makes it to Oregon before you.
qKD7tSh9T5GNv7l87XVpVQ	Chuck Norris can drive a pop-up camper.
ms6ZF5LvTquJ1wOMQhBcRA	Long time ago Chuck Norris sneeze. That's how created the Big Bang.
dI2px8o7Qdetg6ZQf5Igmw	Old Spice uses Chuck Norris bodywash
yg5hf4TbTQicAG3ewkfoWQ	Chuck Norris once turned Medusa to stone
2V8XAb-OS3GZh9rnYUHLXw	Chuck Norris is the only person on earth who can 'chuckle'
fmn8WvwsTUyrcVSX-SKMaA	The only reason Chuck Norris graduated third grade is because one of his ex wives was teaching the class.
iTACqUclRay-Vo6msppPMw	Chuck Norris once played chicken with a train in an underground tunnel and won.
Lan5Xr99SEKTvHkVA63JTg	The Gracie Family taught Chuck Norris the Brazilian Jiu-Jitse style of fighting. Chuck Norris also likes to work out the the Machado Brother who are related to the Gracie by marriage. Now the Brazilian style of Jiu-Jitsu is part of Chuck Nooris Chun Kuk Do fighting style.
yqquX2HQS66dHcnmY9qkhQ	The worst thing you can see on this planet is your own reflection in Chuck Norris eyes; it will also be the last thing you see.
8danvsbpq_sa8uluveqn4a	Chuck Norris ordered a Big Mac at Burger King, and got one.
Hseg7CKSQqu_fRr8wCZSzw	Chuck Norris loves to throw horseshoes. He had to give it up. Texas ran out of horses.
8ezkpJKrSAi-1ifiaeOk9Q	I hate Chuck Norris! And now I'm dead in 2 seconds
4w0IsijaR5GQGR_zhCHkRQ	In the Chuck Norris universe, there are no decimal numbers,or remainders in division, or anything that's partly finished, in any case. Chuck Norris likes everything whole and proper.
_tegYAecQE2eayQidJqRRQ	Chuck Norris know exactly how many hormones it takes to make a whore moan.
jum3R9zRQYeE4kvfUplVfw	If you type "Chuck Norris" into your GPS, it says, "Recaclulating...Chuck Norris is arriving at your location...you're dead...Good-bye!"
yF7Ld6LKTvmIpwkfzn5eXw	Chuck Norris doesn't commit susicide, susicide commits him
_ahCTSV3RaW5KUaM-qPQXg	Chuck Norris can win a connect 4 in 3 moves
dCgJ2q_PQ_CredrAMbsgEg	Chuck Norris has concealed weapons permits, so he can wear gloves.
N5qHLIOEQ6WYnu4xhDMLsg	Finally, many of you may be wondering why Republican candidate Mike Huckabee couldn't gain the GOP nomination even with help from the great Chuck Norris. We don't know why exactly, but conspiracy theorists may see some tie in with this legend about Norris: Contrary to popular belief, America is not a democracy, it is a Chucktatorship.
wmb8yOAlTQKHtWAUp3Y-Eg	Upon hearing that his good friend, Lance Armstrong, lost his testicles to cancer, Chuck Norris donated one of his to Lance. With just one of Chuck's nuts, Lance was able to win the Tour De France seven times. By the way, Chuck still has two testicles; either he was able to produce a new one simply by flexing, or he had three to begin with. No one knows for sure.
7BboWcCsTVuMBXCSLI2WlQ	Chuck E Cheese purchased their name from an old Chuck Norris porno from the 70's
39iuLfRsSDirOT6W03Qy0g	When Chuck Norris showers with his new apprentice he says "I hope you ain't a faggot because then I'm gonna fuck you in the ass, because I hate faggots!"
LPv6QmQoS5iEHhVMzvlI0w	The Terminator peed his pants when he turned around and saw Chuck Norris behind him.
HZA64DRxQr2amSZjQJ1z5g	Chuck Norris swims in active volcanos to cool off.
1btqRml9RDK6U7NYyk_5Nw	Chuck Norris can squeeze orange juice out of a banana.
7AG7H-kITU6wH9_86QthwQ	Chuck Norris once killed a man by throwing a suggestion at him.
Uhpokg60S-eQLI815uQZhw	After having intercourse with his high school girlfriend Chuck Norris whispered into her ear... "You have 30 minutes to get to the nearest hospital".
gbKrfHdGSCOEA_0HwtW4aA	Gangsters spend all their lives living in Chuck Norris' Paradise
pdriisblqtwbabmmyazbyw	Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.
-5JHcWSlRYi_3Jz4mq9EIQ	Christians believe Jesus was crucified, died, and rose on the third day. Chuck Norris cannot die.
ERP6xCJ0QvOGhmNHSE9PmQ	When Chuck Norris Goes fishing, he doesnt bait his own hook.. the worms hook themselves out of fear of Chuck Norris
1pJ2BBSiTyyjIdAZzsUl8Q	you suck Chuck Norris i love justin bieber
__rJSb-0TyOE4yl2pIz3yA	children check under their beds and in there closets for the boogeyman but the boogeyman checks under his bed and in his closet for Chuck Norris.
lKXss5rHRMmzg_yBoa7oig	Chuck Norris dosn't use stuntmen, stuntmen use Chuck Norris
7K3TqXaARBipY9v8Z3On0A	Chuck Norris once beat a mountain in a staring contest.
cmFW20ZnRYGPz0d0H0NLwA	Chuck Norris is the 1st playboy playmate
BTrxGxsyTRiuJ2PrZ4um-w	once, while having sex in a tractor trailer, a drop of Chuck Norris's sperm escaped into the motor.....we now know this truck as Optimus Prime!
VZJDpvxPSBi6N50eLTtsZA	Chuck Norris is accredited with creating the Watusi tribe after uppercutting a few Pygmies.
wDuoHg3CSVSZM1AXzFdDuA	Chuck Norris doesnt believe in religion, religion believes in Chuck Norris
Bn80thZTTA--HT2x1V7NTQ	What came first the Chicken or the egg? Chuck Norris did.
NRELRzbxTrKuPBMWPFzf3w	Chuck Norris won on 'Dancing With The Stars' by BBQ'ing a rack of pork ribs.
01FmEv4STOeqyiv1BBC6Bw	The term 'fracking' can also be used to describe Chuck Norris urinating through solid rock.
Qt_UW93qTDSWNCdsQG3bNQ	Chuck Norris can drown a fish.
_rX6huLqTXaHywvuMSe9cA	what happens when an unstoppable force meets and immovable object? nobody knows there is only one Chuck Norris
j04h-om2TFGvLplmxB17Sg	Chuck Norris has a pentagram tattooed around his cornhole.
dSeHNfFYRQuoMkvz-TNJrA	celebicy took a vow of Chuck Norris
nLsph4zzSE6vbH1ozcvQnA	Chuck Norris does not face the music. The music faces Chuck Norris!
3y7vnqsvtvuvvmhtuqjuma	Chuck Norris' first job was as a paperboy. There were no survivors.
lwycu5qqtmaz-vqb5mq87g	Chuck Norris doesn't cheat death. He wins fair and square.
qwv-rz6xtjmhiayprtgnvw	Chuck Norris's keyboard has the Any key.
qJHpowIbSx-PhQuKKvl7ng	Who wrote the book of love? Chuck Norris. He also authored The Book Of Death (Vols 1-27).
J6q88ZWjRwycQt1hStR2xQ	No...Chuck Norris does not like Kumquats but he does like to Kum-in-quats.
D1HKI2A-R0uEPA5j3rIJfw	Captain Planet once told Chuck Norris that he had control over all the elements - earth, water, wind and fire. Chuck Norris then drowned him in fire and blew him six feet under, thereby utilizing all four elements to move the good captain asunder. (It should be noted here that Chuck Norris, for the first time ever, deviated from using his signature roundhouse kick.)
-1RKCEUzRwSW-ytv5fF21w	when you pay taxes, you dont pay them to the goverment. you are actually paying Chuck Norris not to kill you for living on the same land mass as him
sKU4X8jXTX-SlyoABGl5rA	The force is with Chuck Norris. Always.
icCvlpRdSwufSPRGIRiC9Q	Chuck Norris played golf. He tee'd off. The ball landed in the cup, bounced out, landed in the 2nd cup, then the 3rd... finally stopping in the 18th.
eu_1uADQQ22r5lte0wJQTw	Chuck Norris enjoys hang gliding after dark with a pair of night-vision goggles and a bunch of nooses.
mEX4q-ycTR2R1bZomiRs4A	Humans start counting from 1. Computers start counting from 0. Chuck Norris starts counting from negative infinity.
3Oq0m_HDTiuZ13UPujVEfw	Chuck Norris has never had to start back at 'square one'. If he ever messes up, he'll start back at octagon fifty-two.
AhUPM2eER9SKNvGG2PkgQg	its not the milky way its a cumshot that Chuck Norris missed
R_Xx9Dc_RIuyBkb-ztVW6A	When Chuck Norris goes to a strip club, the strippers pay him before their performances.
mPtSFMcfQuqwXo8NJtfRkA	Chuck Norris can literally kick a person's ass into next week. Their head will travel five days farther.
RHyPkdVSR_KDLhxXma3_Zg	Chuck Norris CAN touch MC hammer
gQq6_QL2Q2SPjhm_bsQEdQ	Chuck Norris eats Spicy Chicken Crunchwraps, made with live chickens.
GKZxYep_SpK8EkoP1nWwhQ	As I said before, Chuck Norris was born in the March of 1940. Well, guess what? I found evidence of 5 semi-famous and famous deaths that occurred the next month. Amazing.
IRfkpXhyTamqz3xxwdJwxg	Chuck Norris can punch you so hard that time moves backwards.
wgCgn6p1RR2Xxz47C9kdxQ	Chuck Norris' preferred kung-fu style is Norristyle.
nYORRP9QStWWMh3KzaKpww	Chuck Norris once bitch slapped a Sasquatch. The Sasquatch reacted immediately by saying "I apologize, Mr Norris".
z9mt4XcyTc2Q_3tOD2eaTg	Chuck Norris threw a grenade, killed 50 pople, then the grenade exploded.
5qKwe1QoTRC608YH-Ny2Xw	The US army gave Osama Bin Laden's head to Chuck Norris. It now adorns the hood of his Hummer, which can be seen cruising through the streets of Abbotabad, Pakistan, with the song 'We Are The Champions' blaring from its speakers.
TulBspwcTWueXaW6LMFgUg	Chuck Norris spelled backwards is Chuck Norris
qsxyFeT5TgmvgtlX43FZpg	What the difference between Chuck Norris and Chuck Norris? Chuck Norris
7X_phynxR9ml4DtGf_is1Q	(aka dont dis chuck ) It has to be Chuck Norris Chuck norris oops you almost made a fatal error Chuck norris cant catch em all Chuck norris didnt forget the quiche and he didnt pay for it either Chuck norris doesnt go to morrisons
-f3pB6NKTICdX-uWpYe7PA	Chuck Norris doesn't sleep with a teddy bear. He sleeps with a REAL bear.
tK3Dil0ETaW-Ik10yJ06qQ	Chuck Norris can spam faster than anyone in the whole world. The speed is 0. that means infinity words per second.
cDZqs4EiQ42cy56QVXOVyw	when a cop pulls over Chuck Norris for drinking and driving the cop is just making shur that he doesnt spill his beer.
83cmt7Y0Tpy1ngouOwl8cg	Chuck Norris can climb a tree without using his hands
jJLsWfpPRoSPEVtKelXx2w	The movement of subatomic air substance created from Chuck Norris' roundhouse kicks were recently accredited by physicists as allowing them to view the Higgs Boson Partical.
ObjpIoAXSm-TgLdM2kOsAg	If The Most Interesting Man in the World were to slap you on the back, you'd put it on your resume.  If Chuck Norris were to slap you on the back, your spine would leave the Earth's atmosphere at about Mach 2.
qIPOh1tZRHiXXFpuM-2TDg	Chuck Norris can read Wingdings.
g6AlWNKATLyLmDjlqvzLOQ	As a young magician - Walker: Texas Illusionist - Chuck Norris once cut a lady in half on-stage. He then lit a cigar and chuckled as the audience freaked out.
d5TgbCJ6T56ONB4EhbLSYQ	Chuck Norris's mother left before he was born
OePdlE9EQAuzACRMJPJePw	Chuck Norris doesn't need a compiler like Visual Studio to compile code. Code compiles for him out of pure trepidation. This includes code on paper!
gZGSnZbITBagu3fPgIkDLg	Chuck Norris has lasted this long simply because Heaven wants nothing to do with him, and Hell is afraid that he'll take over the place.
_Kn2TIPLQlONZYiswDuRww	Scientists claim to have created a fourth state of matter. Chuck Norris has already created ten others.
m6H7llWkRqq0iBOvA4tUKQ	If Chuck Norris decides he wants to take a shit on your chest, you just have to quickly come to terms with the fact that you're about to get shit-chested. All you can do is try to craft a thank you speech that touches him enough to not move on to other bodily expulsions.
nyy0M6AFThqhCxx5moGvsQ	Chuck Norris can make you lick your own elbow by twisting you into a pretzel.
xVFtGSxfQ4W0e6Gc2HMOrg	Chuck Norris went on the All-Pussy diet. He gained 6,000 tonnes.
f3ziUSCqToKKHhnR9nHPwA	Chuck Norris never got circumcised simply because his elevenskin is too strong.
_AG6mrMnQGa95dug9N3N9A	Chuck Norris fought the law and the law won .. NOT!
JY_FdtBZRUeEfGJ-reM1qA	It takes Chuck Norris 5 seconds to kick your ass... 80 times
0RwPGw_tRKWblRTqfzEvNA	Chuck Norris was asked what he thought of Justin Bieber. Chuck said the thinks Bieber is a waste of good toilet paper.
SR9ceDDCQX2Wc5uEHtYGPA	Chuck Norris jumped out of the fire into a bigger fire, Chuck Norris doesn't need a frying pan
XoibRwgBS4mQkvTAdQEPkQ	Chuck Norris doesn't play God of War. He is the God of War.
Ik_eMa_qRTmNFQL5UmIMRA	Chuck Norris is what Willis was talking about.
vgfMEjjkTaW_aU9t8wNlng	Chuck Norris once farted and lit it on fire as a joke. We now call it the sun.
qaetpus9twgdkckd70jisw	The movie "Delta Force" was extremely hard to make because Chuck had to downplay his abilities. The first few cuts were completely unbelievable.
GmFOrvL2STqRz0oVO-0I9w	If you use a comeback at Chuck Norris while talking, he will comeback your face. Chuck Norris: Your gay. You: Im straighter than the pole you danced on last night. Chuck Norris: Go get grounded by your mom with that joke Crowd: OOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!
5hL4pPczST2wTsa7lriNMA	No one invented superman, it was just a rip-off of Chuck Norris.
l_wCEG4zTpCIC9cmpHU8_g	Chuck Norris ate Bear Grylls' testicles in the show 'Man vs Chuck'
4AApYxNPQkST_XOlSvW6Ug	Chuck Norris can slice and dice the atom.
HyZLWol4R6ePZJMtR3uYXg	Step on a crack, Chuck Norris will pulverize your spine. Then plow your mother.
wSrGUC9UScGGlhS3mdgZVw	When Chuck Norris turned nine he finally kicked his parents the fuck out of his house.
Qs_RhnYXTFmMsdO1vKE9eQ	A guy was furious at Chuck Norris. He fought with Chuck Norris with all of his rage. Chuck Norris happily fed on his rage until the guy became a hippie. Then Chuck Norris obliterated him, because Chuck Norris doesn't like hippies.
6ilnkzwert6gpoebamjffw	A movie scene depicting Chuck Norris losing a fight with Bruce Lee was the product of history's most expensive visual effect. When adjusted for inflation, the effect cost more than the Gross National Product of Paraguay.
M7Ac2KKcSrGKPUJI4nra1Q	When Chuck Norris eats brussel sprouts, his farts smell like cotton candy.
ANC9HzkNQ4aOSYPbgdjPrQ	Chuck norris doesn't make love. He re-invents it
mlN5php-RX2iNo5tnXbmTA	Chuck Norris puts the "ouch" in couch.
r9SbDbwqTSCx3ZaMtUXvkg	Opinions are like assholes - every single one is in danger of being violated by Chuck Norris.
t1xdRN1tTQK900QUkopnWg	After his wedding, Chuck Norris sent "You're Welcome" cards to all of his guests.
6toAmCl5R9uWHXKrwiNGQQ	Q: How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could Chuck Norris? A: All of it...
zNDZm28xQ2yvqz_zPnMHMA	Chuck Norris once squeezed a lemon, got kiwi juice, put the kiwi juice the oven and it would be the best damn cupcake you ever had
pztG5nxuQP6gA_lYk4pR6Q	Chuck Norris can check out books from the Library of Congress
x8u0R9qkQ1GI1Dj9t4eP0w	They say that the size and value of a man's car is inversely proportional to the size of his manhood. That must be why Chuck Norris usually gets around on a pair of rollerskates. And a wheelbarrow.
cQwhrrYHTFC8RMswJbOfbg	If you look up "Chuck Norris naked"your face will explode after seeing the picture.
Ro08-Qv9Q36-L55Aq6QLxQ	A movie critic told Chuck Norris "my dilemma is whether so watch one of your movies or watch paint dry". Chuck told him "my dilemma is whether to rip off your scrotum or punch you in the throat". Chuck did both.
Vd-xnnM6Qya3LXg8kb9dYQ	Chuck Norris was asked to be on the show, 'Swamp People' but he was soon fired off the show after thousands of alligators were killed during only 1 episode.
7tr0YChRQHmkrOit9cumqw	Chuck Norris Broke a Hilux...
-2tH2sogRl-y7x5HWs09RQ	Chuck Norris' neighbor asked if he could help fix his taps. Chuck fixed his taps, all right - then tapped his wife.
m-y4I9xURIyWciNhCAicyQ	Chuck Norris won the first americas got talent by just saying his name.
DU3PFP5fQBCqy9YnKhBY1A	Chuck Norris was the fourth wise man, who gave baby Jesus the gift of beard, which he carried with him until he died. The other three wise men were enraged by the preference that Jesus showed to Chuck's gift, and arranged to have him written out of the bible. All three died soon after of mysterious roundhouse-kick related injuries.
UqfZeXooQHSNPkGlqIJjOA	Chuck Norris can decapitate you by throwing his cowboy hat.
5_-PmmJgRK-2x3mFLPpVRA	Chuck Norris can sneeze with his eyes open
IMIMwLN2TcaYKUVOVZKu8A	Chuck Norris's beard eats cardboard and craps out steel.
REVbqNSBRr-hy_28eMZd6g	Chuck Norris keeps a stable full of miniature miniature horses in his beer cooler.
fbO5cYakRQ2CVzqu6lxQCg	Chuck Norris dosn't eat submarine sandwiches, he eats submarines...
lVJ_cOmAR4K_FGptE4FQzw	Chuck Norris once launched a massive reverse roundhouse kick at a man's face, missed and struck a conrete wall. The man died anyway from the percussion shock.
MomevOsjSka2pZK6sJjZlw	When Chuck Norris goes in to do his income taxes, the IRS Agent simply asks "how much money would you like back this year, Mr. Norris"?
ZyBcOij_TDmXyVQLlrKekA	God comes over to Chuck Norrises house to borrow sugar
gowgaPyfSEWHITQq9Se8dw	In theory, if Chuck Norris even got pulled over for a DUI, it would be due to "driving under the influence of bloodshed".  However, no paper trail exists on whether such an occurrence has ever happened.   There are reported cases of mysterious disappearances of some police officers. Their whereabouts are still unknown to this day.
NTav4EXqSrSUrH4eQomLKw	just one of Chuck Norris' testicles could supply 14 million homes with energy for a year
7SPAx2orTvy4zEMC_GwYTw	Chuck Norris baths in acid because its the only thing strong enough to clean him.
foynoigqtu2ytxzrya096g	Diamonds are not, despite popular belief, carbon. They are, in fact, Chuck Norris fecal matter. This was proven a recently, when scientific analysis revealed what appeared to be Jean-Claude Van Damme bone fragments inside the Hope Diamond.
Ez3DTqMYSLCay1qoBNyZiw	What would a Klondike bar do for Chuck Norris?
IazuMYyYRSmWtseXdpwurg	the fact is that giraffes wernt made from centureys of evolution. they just say that be chuck is powa. the fact is that giraffes were made when Chuck Norris upper cutted a horse
OunpZbarQ_idcyXFla5niA	Like this to get an instant download of Chuck Norris's Walker Texas Ranger theme song as ur Ringtone!
mCZSvjsVTyaJHjfAooZwSQ	Chuck Norris won on a special celebrity episode of America's Got Talent by playing "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida" with a pair of cymbals.
lQrG22d9QGuxqw6cInAemw	If Chuck Norris fights with himself it's a win-win situation.
KshN-j8pQcuteSSoeelBzA	Chuck Norris doesn't fart, air flees his body in despair.
_4ci8ue3rkenn5tq9lameq	It is believed dinosaurs are extinct due to a giant meteor. That's true if you want to call Chuck Norris a giant meteor.
0yLshZI-SFG_14EbNsWprg	Chuck Norris has a bigger dick than shaq
AGSBwBgyR7WE7xF774DrSA	Chuck Norris is the reason waldo is hiding
ElQOjYI0TnmIQgeJ7Uknhw	Chuck Norris once played a Generation V Pokemon game and caught a Raichu. The Raichu is now defiant enough to knock out an Excadrill with Bolt Strike. How is this defiant? Excadrill's types are Ground [has immunity to Electric-type moves] and Steel [has resistance to Electric-type moves], Raichu normally cannot learn Bolt Strike, and Raichu don't normally appear in Pokemon Black and White in the first place!
N_nPF1IiSyWlqrU2lr6XbA	Chuck Norris is easily the most intensely awesome thing in the known universe. But of course, anything in the unknown universe would readily agree immediately if asked.
JOdRZEMVQ6ehgTQBuBdBWA	The term 'bust a nut' doesn't apply to Chuck Norris. It should be 'detonating a watermelon plantation'.
9dlk1v9GSp-hBS_FwU50BQ	It can look like chicken, taste like chicken, and feel like chicken, but if Chuck Norris says it's beef...it's beef. NO QUESTIONS!!!
LRK6BC3LRvuoHtORRdmRIA	Chuck Norris recently had his entire scrotum tattooed black, just to show everyone who the fuck Chuck is. He whiled away the 15-hour process by lifting weights and recieving blowjobs.
7nUSFBHfQDGERpXR2OQ93A	Chuck Norris can change the battery in a 2003 Dodge intrepid.
EbuTcwUZSi6SftbGIzYI5Q	Only 535 people of thousands have ever survived a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick to the head. These, now brain damaged, individuals comprise the US Congress.
BpK-bOmKSlyVwXg_oEDvhQ	The legendary fight scene between Bruce Lee and Chuck Norris had to be filmed over a dozen times because the cameramen kept dying.
B81GMPbdQm2VN-wZ3aTSzQ	Chuck Norris CAN whisper bloody murder. Damn it.
8Tw9xEw9SzqU3E_fxazLRQ	Chuck Norris wishes you a Merry Christmas, a Happy Hannukah, and a Happy New Year... so you better have one!
VqPP9QAOSyOShQS_PuHSXQ	A kid once had test. Not knowing what to do, the kid wrote "Chuck Norris" for every answer. He got a perfect score, but Chuck Norris came and roundhouse kicked him for using his name in vain.
nddKnLB4R-qPJeMNyvQTgw	God said to the world, "Let there be light!" Chuck Norris said, "Say Please"
ACRjLxF2TAypd0OH-SwYeg	Chuck Norris doesn't jump. He moves the ground away from him.
QfzV73ZJSI6Gy6rJOA5u0g	pHiLi has a very strange perception of Chuck Norris' penis.
4ccl_U5ISBm86IJJYeoPIg	Sotheby's once auctioned off 1/4 lb of Chuck Norris toenail clippings for $400,000.
EOwO-jzKQ02ykp6-MI4fiw	Hercules is the strongest man in the world but he lost a game of mercy to Chuck Norris.
-GaJvWEAQ7WqlfiELARNqQ	Chuck Norris is "lovin' it" at taco bell
TMcA5AKZTz2rkt_rY5QynQ	Chuck Norris was in a bear fight, he tapped the bear with his finger and the bear fainted and died
M0BJbCFgT8-MJmDQr2l0dg	Chuck Norris can easily remove your testicles through your anus.
3mANH1QsSSGDBRJWzDufqA	Chuck Norris knows how many licks it takes to get to the center of a tootsie pop.
oCjZR0RcSVGDgZlIn-s_Ww	Chuck Norris can fart the entire Walker, Texas Ranger theme song lyrics in Morris Code.
FcAOFgUkSuecLJtUFsmgDQ	Chuck Norris can make you hang onto his every word, even the prepositions.
ePwGcTlsRnyWI-G1GPtXHg	Cocaine is really just Chuck Norris's dandruff
wIiIqC18SPOlaWkBenybQQ	Will Weston punched a women in the face. Chuck norris punched a bull dozer in the face. Who is better? you decide
OU9p7CjRT3CNwm6SoVZotg	Once, Chuck Norris ate 200 grapes, and peed out wine.
31pken8xRUKzmn6-aV8vVQ	When Chuck Norris first tapped Katie Holmes behind Tom Cruise's back, he immediately went to the nearest couch retailer and stomped the shit out of every one. Then he tapped Oprah.
qryCFzRvTB2CD_IEUpOTNA	Chuck Norris catches chopsticks with flies.
ER_NIZnaQ0CF1kL7GIedsw	This one time at band camp... BAM! Chuck Norris.
aoUnFWsLQkaJK9Vp1Yldig	Chuck Norris owns a playstation 360
XNaAxUduSw6zANDaIEab7A	the reason nobody can find bigfoot is because is because Chuck Norris found him first.
_4ckz5ltsh2fyxsdd-2v4q	Chuck Norris does not wear a condom. Because there is no such thing as protection from Chuck Norris.
4bvl1JLQS-uQzDK2scuXRw	If you ever hear Chuck Norris humming "Ain't That a Kick In the Head," flee for your life. You don't want to be around to see what happens next.
wbLFE4n3Ri2jnPXDGlUPpA	Can Chuck Norris make a rock heavy enough that he can't lift it? Of course he can....he's Chuck Norris.
3T_k8g2uTLiEu58Opn0D1Q	Chuck Norris makes onions cry
Nd8XmCrbQ36Ze6w11uklAg	Little known fact: Chuck Norris was a massive Doors fan, and for a while used to insist on being called Chuck Norrison. Then he heard that the singer moved to France, then scared him to death in the bathtub.
JICRo9FDQwiNYc3lvIE4cw	It wasn't the North Star the Three Wise Men were following it was Chuck Norris' aura.
29Zo1wBaSTSHnexhiDczYA	Chuck Norris is the first man to have sex on every continent. He achieved this distinction over a period of 2 days in 1967.
lHUUBDWYQiKCg8rEHo16yw	In an objective, scientific sense, looking at an image of Chuck Norris erodes your soul.
3875LfYeRYSx802o5HlPdw	Chuck Norris instantly choke slammed Will Weston, with chuck's hands behind his back.
ySltYdnLREeM1_F-OMEz1Q	Chuck Norris can read the whole bible in one day.
fz0lOxWKQ8qSRjxOAH3wmw	Chuck Norris never uses parachutes when he skydives out of airplanes because they only slow him down.
bk4ffpNHSLKVyfZ747pzWQ	This is a web site for NEW AND ONLY NEW Chuck Norris Facts.If Chuck Norris finds out(and he will find out) you have posted one that you read or heard....Beg for Merciful God to take you and not Chuck Norris
9j7vXlKBQvGqqLIxADRS_w	Chuck Norris threw his first roundhouse kick on September 1st, 1945 at the age of five. The next day Japan surrendered -- coincidence ? I doubt it .
4Nqt9In9T7aB3kI1SXw8eA	Chuck Norris can end a sentence with a preposition.
zYfGBDlJQayOwrrC2q6_1g	If you ever use the expression 'it happens to the best of us' around Chuck Norris, get ready for something violent to happen to you.
4fvKC8mfRmmkiVlikzb6ZQ	Chuck Norris is very skilled as a teacher, at the point where he teach a new trick to a newborn puppy.
HmSgEIAtTXOC3-B5Ta6rUQ	Chuck Norris has a Ford F-1450 pickup that spans 4 lanes of traffic. The license plate has the entire St. Crispin's Day speech from Henry V on it.
IQIt7q8nRBGkXF9H5USyDA	If Dracula survives off human blood, guess who survives off Dracula's blood? Yup, Chuck Norris
usmgydpvqqs6xvonlwsvka	Chuck Norris is not Politically Correct. He is just Correct. Always.
-3osgk9FT8iZa8weY7ylTQ	Chuck Norris never wet his bed as a child. The bed wet itself out of fear............
JcEQXy5CRbKuWhVXvjqnVw	Chuck Norris can shut a revolving door
o0w-n1ivTsqvPP8K7cig2A	Chuck Norris always wins at "Battleship." No one has the guts to even fire a shot.
uyvvbkzaqlo5ao1v7sxx4a	There?s an order to the universe: space, time, Chuck Norris.... Just kidding, Chuck Norris is first.
2b3DXDRRQFWEEg0jyH-bKQ	Chuck Norris is the world's most popular loner.
ugysngkxr2uvqdpqzr9brg	Chuck Norris once ordered a steak in a restaurant. The steak did what it was told.
hHteUwSuTECs1yQyF6YoeA	by reading this you have given Chuck Norris brief control over your mind
gbwLVXpiTuOKGnmk5S8D0A	Respected archaeologists fight over Chuck Norris's discarded apple cores.
Ht-0D3quQ_GAYAmSTV2mqw	The movie "anaconda" was shot in Chuck Norris' underwear
kROzwt6jTBab78dlTsCtVg	Chuck Norris donates all of his money to the M.Y. Wallet foundation, and you better too, or else.
uudN-PgdQf6rjFnmaNGFCQ	The Dos Equis guy is Chuck Norris' padawan.
-Oqd27a_SwGSsy-TNQ3mAw	They say you are what you eat, but this rule doesnt apply to Chuck Norris because all he eats is Pussy!!!
6dUUlQE_SoekQHmWC-YPjw	Chuck Norris is better than Ash Ketchum because Ash didn't catch all the Pokemon yet.
FeXIrKs-SY-_VdVSAw289A	death once had a near Chuck Norris experience
TheEqdoNQtix5jGMEvpqUg	Chuck Norris once tried to wear glasses. The result was him seeing around the world to the point where he was looking at the back of his own head.
Nw540lqQSnG4-b9_P9n9Jw	If you ask Chuck Norris to wear a seatbealt, he WILL belt you.
qev0RvU9S7WlusV8_KGgxw	Chuck Norris will never die. Every time Death pays him a visit, Chuck Norris will kick his ass with a roundhouse kick in the face.
Eor5BuTtQkKP2QXxyHL3TQ	Every hockey game Chuck Norris played goalie hes never been scored on
RM1Ia74kQ1ys7fENcttJ3w	Chuck Norris has nine toes on each foot
JF8HGioqTZm-Kw6TqztIGQ	Chuck Norris is the only one that can kill people that can't die!
Vc6-fz7fRRSHpXHYlnjDRQ	When life gives Chuck Norris lemons, HE SQUIRTS THE LEMON JUICE IN HIS EYES AND RUNS RAMPANT ON LIFE'S ASS!!
1_ChBwY2ScmYR6qe4PvDIg	CHuck Norris can start a car simply by running his hands over the dash.
d1alfGddT1ysae8JCv4mfg	Chuck Norris makes the rest of The Expendables look like The Golden Girls.
bv21LOGqSP6ICVnWTeOZXw	Chuck Norris can milk a cow with your face.
Fpz92ai-TlGVzoVs_GRa9Q	Chuck Norris wants to know how your wife and his kids have been doing lately.
-fa7rpzlr2iafe1pmq7xaa	A high tide means Chuck Norris is flying over your coast. The tide is caused by God pissing his pants.
Aly5gNl-SPq_baoT1Go2tw	The earth has a bigger dick than chuck Norris but chuck Norris's dick is 3 times bigger than the earths
hQpVFAw6SZu57v04Xr41ag	Chuck Norris invented the "Shake Weight" so that one day a woman might have the strength to give him a hand job.
6-koUjV_RSO3gvm_SMB00A	The Avengers Assemble - Chuck Norris Dissemble.
60uo3YPmSgindMVnsO3gnA	When landing on the moon, Neil Armstrong actually said, 'one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind... and please, Chuck Norris, don't kill me for being the first.'
b6fgbzwnr5eggchm4mckpa	You know how they say if you die in your dream then you will die in real life? In actuality, if you dream of death then Chuck Norris will find you and kill you.
BOJQsb1JQfW7Hi31H2eS0Q	Hitler shot himself not because the Russians were in Berlin, but because he heard Chuck Norris had just volunteered for military service.
cn2m6uUxTr2jJ4FG3Yu0rw	Chuck Norris doesnt drink coffee, coffee drinks Chuck Norris, because everyone knows coffee needs to wake the hell up
01MA73TvSA6V7_5DuQa_bw	Chuck Norris can detect gravitational waves with his penis.
j5hzizlaT3KeDm71t_qbfA	Jiggy gets Chuck Norris widdit.
e8gfEp-oRaSTwXEUTBWjNg	Chuck Norris has never lost playing 'Whack-a-Mole'.
eaJcvNCZRXu1zEYEikyqVQ	Chuck Norris can open PDF files with Microsoft Excel.
FKjcTbgAT5eyxwooaWx6Uw	Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked all the American out of Johnny Depp.
J87Bj9syTxawB_yRvSdIyg	Chuck Norris once paid 25 cents for a $1.00 Snickers Bar and got $20.00 back in change.
42srivu7rfwmbvnsu42e-a	There are two types of people in the world... people that suck, and Chuck Norris.
YAKYIngfS3uo3IJqHLSdZg	On February 15, 2013, Chuck Norris hit a home run out of Rangers Ballpark that made it to Chelyabinsk, Russia before exploding. New personal best.
CWXmF-wEQ_esl-rI0YwISg	Some of the alternate titles - The Expendables 2: Chuck Norris Forever, The Expendables 2: Norris And Friends, The Chuckpendables, Big Chuck And Some Ugly Overpaid Motherfuckers, and Walker: Texas Ranger: The Motion Picture.
P-tx2WHeTrm2ccB9Hwu9GA	Chuck Norris made Ferris work on his day off.
48uaHvl4SwSPJ6xr_YE0xw	Many people do not realize that Chuck Norris has been a bouncer for many, many years. EVERY guy that's ever mouthed off to Chuck has had his face bounced off the asphalt.
gixH2ZhOQ-SsmwtrSJPdwQ	Chuck norris did it with Kim kardashion so hard that she secretly grew a dick
cQ99fXBMRyqaeB1hp1_w_A	Chuck Norris' digestive system can dissolve corn and peanuts.
DeRu2xJyR2aI1SgSHQtpEA	the reason why babies cry when they are born is because they know they've been brought into the same world as Chuck Norris
lPTW9mA1RjuKgjvoDqkqIg	Every Chuck Norris handshake comes with a free lifetime limp.
O2rh2T35Q_CepHY5hLUvZg	Isla Nublar and Isla Sorna are Chuck Norris' vacation islands
jTWgZ6kHR-2lbwIduVvDkg	Chuck Norris loves to plant tubes of springing snakes in bodies to be autopsied.
IuzY1qAwS2afrXH8UTS6Jw	Chuck Norris isn't as tuff as everyone says.   What was that? It just sounded like someone kicked my door down.
FnksvSW4RsCIW7ygZmbV-g	When Chuck Norris tears out your heart and squeezes with one hand, the immense pressure results in a blood diamond
jo9CQKcnQqiB6xD2NjH2rg	You know the move where Scorpio removes the spine in mortal combat? Well Chuck Norris can do that to invertibrates!
ZD_N1lL2S8aZYmZFjwJpng	Chuck Norris doesn't 'open' bottles of beer. He simply bites the top off and chugs it.
zunP4OI9S6-x58Kdmyu-iQ	Chuck Norris created the Sasquatch by setting fire to a Yeti with a flame thrower.
UDB7hYtmQ7q26YrRtfhDRA	i hope Chuck Norris dies in a car crash. he would have 99 lives left
hTzg_5rDQVCOmrRCHe8BFA	Chuck Norris chest hair is the main ingredient in Kevlar.
Obm-udCMTQG5rLwESe390w	when life gives Chuck Norris lemons, he makes orange juice...then punches life in the fucking throat..Chuck hates lemons
6oL3fweNS-SWVV-AO48Zhg	Chuck Norris once had an erection while laying face down.... he struck oil
U-45kfsUTXuHUOGgp7WpEw	Chuck Norris invented "That's what she said", and your mom went, 'oh yeah'
qzQst2FNR9-PSpLhCRbTdw	There are no crying scenes of Chuck Norris in any of his movies? That's strictly because Chuck Norris never allows stunt doubles for any of his scenes.
YNLiG937S2y116m5XweOfA	Chuck Norris can walk through a village full of hungry cannibals without concern.
o1PJ78IMSYyz4mzGag4bmA	The Chicago Cubs are the worst team in baseball history. The only reason Cub fans still exist is because they are the only group of losers that Chuck Norris, uncharacteristically, has displayed any mercy for.
UK43-cU4QrOZZlGjqQYauQ	Don King's hair is that way because he is the only person to survive a massive Chuck Norris fart directly to the face
HXebaVyLSyKVGTqXhN6wqQ	Chuck Norris is recommending all his friends buy a boat because Zombies can not swim.
WyTe8raYR16TeGabtztdpA	There are only three things that a songwriter must consider: rhythm, melody, and Chuck Norris.
dUWq_k5iQMyUiHJYfEjcfg	Local mountain lions have been complaining about the recent string of Chuck Norris attacks.
vmcclqoQSWGLC8T0tSRvmQ	Satan would donate his soul to Chuck Norris.
_a7lq838Qy2krEEyx2J29g	Once Chuck Norris pissed off anger, and that is how happiness was invented.
6aV1Skh_R4KVmxbjnX5TGA	Chuck Norris' hand is the only hand that can beat a royal flush.
-TGIlhYySKG6PJn_rzs6qg	December 1 2013 will be the day Chuck Norris gets a playstation 5.
M97k43fNRwG7BGDyii1Pxg	Chuck Norris can rub two fire's together and make wood
hHZQ0jmCTimNEu5ZOIEbDg	When in Rome, Chuck Norris.
rq8L2HaCQcm09NbizqtYnA	Chuck Norris eats soup with a fork, KFC with chopsticks, and bananas with his feet.
ZCGyywnLRtK-p8sbsDahHQ	Every time that Chuck Norris speaks, the expansion of the Universe halts for a split second.
v9bU03fzRfapZzljUQ1tzA	CHUCK NORRIS uses GREAT WHITE SHARKS as his RUBBER DUCKIE
vl3TU7wBSm6nbPZJtbaS2g	Every night before he goes to bed, the Boogeyman checks under his bed for Chuck Norris.
PkNEVtvdQgSF-kWTwyJ15Q	Chuck Norris and shit.
HBUCd6ytSfCHQOiz2zkzxA	Chuck Norris can swim undisturbed, through shark infested waters with 2 pockets full of chum.
9oOcprOiRh6ucQj0Lr8dHw	There is no 'ctrl' button on Chuck Norris's computer. Chuck Norris is always in control.
t14_olJKRAyw8NkK6rlr1g	Charlie Sheen is Chuck Norris' lovechild.
1ldgLqgiRjKQDHzQKIr5HA	Chuck Norris taught man how to make the wheel.
N8Gu6UMhTmSSv9boe8ReYA	Chuck Norris doesn't not need oxygen, oxgen need Chuck Norris
HvywHF-xR3uY-ZCIbQlUeA	Chuck Norris can Head Plank you anytime he wants too.
S85OoLU0RpOTVoOLYSK6gg	In Rush Hour, Jackie Chan said that his father caught a bullet with his bare hands.  Chuck Norris can catch lasers with his bare hands
16VuU5p1S9qYPWqVfaewLA	The apple never falls far from the tree. Keep this in mind when talking to a bearded child claiming to be one of Chuck Norris' spawn.
l4OocdObQ5mC1O3kPFq5Tg	Chuck Norris don't play that shit.
vyAT2-LiSXChK6lBsNA4vQ	Contrary to popular belief, Redfoo isn't having a Midlife Crisis. Chuck Norris just made him mentally retarded because he hates LMFAO.
fS7sECTYSI2aL3tOUxIMTQ	Chuck Norris can repaint the mona lisa with no paint.
UYyQjEM1TFy3Fl3wB-qTHQ	as i was climbing the stairway to heaven i saw Chuck Norris crapping on one of the steps
zV3iiAWKQj2z71jmFYROhw	Chuck Norris is recommending his friends buy 2 story homes because zombies can't climb stairs.
WdPn6QG_TMa9CjV8Wg-swA	The Swine Flu got started when a pig oinked in Chuck Norris's presence.
XtmOHGAsR9OsmQ3GsdSbxA	Chuck Norris banned the sale of masks in his likeness, not because of the thousands of heart attacks they cause daily, but because he didn't want random assholes scoring all the pussy clearly meant for him.
DbXjEb4CR32sYBtGwnlsjg	one day a cop pulled Chuck Norris over for speeding, that cop was lucky to leave with a warning
3Ep4jE52Rm-3XgVzz7JZ3g	Chuck Norris often goes to the zoo to spank the monkey.
QUmhb2UgRZa4bigbo5IAOw	The day of letting bulls go behind people in Spain is in fact the day Chuck Norris have to feed, so bulls had to escape.
9jwcfXRmRr-lfzYCrZzMhQ	Chuck Norris Does not use Total Gym, Total Gym uses Chuck Norris, But then again No one Uses Chuck Norris So Chuck Norris Uses ToTal Gym!
rbmMqcmUQFeSNQDnTlaDUg	Chuck Norris shaves by simply scraping his fingernails across his cheeks.
F9L6gWCOQ-mno9EfX7nzZQ	Chuck Norris can kill you with a headshot using a shotgun from across the map on call of duty.
qyL1us8pQfG76wC3Qoxhdg	Some alchemists claim they have turned lead into gold.  Chuck Norris can transform water into plutonium, just by ingesting and excreting it.
wr247cnmthuzu-jz57lxiq	CNN was originally created as the "Chuck Norris Network" to update Americans with on-the-spot ass kicking in real-time.
sizhirqtS9KjqgVc797xAg	Chuck Norris doesn't believe Feminism exists, because women can't resist Chuck Norris.
yvnMFUABS327e0KErgMC4A	Chuck Norris was once bitten by a Rattle Snake... After 3 Days of suffering the rattle snake died!
8hbrtDUcRtOKxqay1qxGpw	Chuck Norris falcon punched Jonah Falcon for having such a tiny dick.
spA5T6EuQBWk5tZT2X26UA	Chuck Norris once screamed "bloody murder" in sign language for the hearing impaired.
4XpBg1qRRuyKopwmUsVxrg	Chuck Norris was once paralyzed by the pressure of his awesomeness. He then roundhouse kicked his awesomeness to Mars, where it eradicated all life, he then made more awesome.
t600nm_XTtuwY2xn3khwVw	Why is Phillip's head shaped like a screwdriver? Chuck Norris.
psSVDtymSZmyH6TSeLQ1Yg	Chuck Norris once saw Spiderman on a wall so he folded up a newspaper and swatted him.
fRTaS7kNTkO8R_P-Y74rCg	Chuck Norris' Texas Ranger softball team won unexpectedly 150 to 0 in the bottom first inning when in foul territory he ran down and caught a Golden Snitch.
Sc56WFc3RmeV_ph8EiiL0g	Chuck Norris can shove a CD in his mouth and music will come out his ears.
7mY1eoU7TJ-3lQ_BfSmFJA	Chuck Norris once watched the video tape from the ring...........7 days later the ghost who crawls out of the well died.
FqvcwDT4Tve72jweb8tv0w	Kurt Cobain didn't commit suicide... Chuck Norris just hates grunge music
W6Nom6HSRs6dWAuwt-SK6A	Surprisingly, the only Street Fighter II move based on one of Chuck Norris' was Chun-Li's. Chuck Norris prefers to travel by performing four upside-down double-roundhouse kicks per second.
1MYGljsGT3O7OduWGl-lRA	Buzz Lightyear found out just how far it is to infinity and beyond after Chuck Norris drop kicked his ass for refusing to come out of his grandson's toy box.
1Iy7_hYKT5GgOfxkYuTK3A	Chuck Norris is unstoppable in all games of Call of Duty
PnIWrOqyQzq3q7P81U03Cw	Chuck Norris will personally come over and baptize your son if you name him Walker or Texas Ranger.
cEi7_YQoQcubJd7SCCkxOQ	Chuck Norris shoved a Saint Bernard up Richard Gere's ass.
kwl8Tn_NQaKoYOx9M4xcTw	Chuck Norris does not need to use spell check. If he happens to misspell a word, Merriam-Webster dictionary actually changes it's own published spelling.
zTBVYrsOQNSA55cvbt0aDA	Chuck Norris understood Inception the first time he saw it.
2ii9LHvGTr6dsFqF3Qcvuw	Chuck Norris is the only person who can eMail a roundhouse kick.
83BXy-bqSQOrVuCvyhS5iw	Chuck Norris' favourite alcohol is Johnny Walker: Texas Ranger
9tPDLqdZTFm6zSv32Us9PQ	Mike Tyson knocked out Larry Holmes. Big deal. Chuck Norris knocked out a Buick.
4iuAtuV8SF6RhL6R-4biDA	Area 51 is where Chuck Norris stores his lawn mower.
yro3tfayT8CC2Fp-_l0h0w	Chuck Norris prefers to make love between a rock and a hard place.
Gjov8nxDS_SwcEW1hCEwqg	Chuck Norris has only one fear...that's why there are no mirrors in his house
VMyVC5VCQbeSoLRLEp0nKA	Chuck Norris always carries a ice cooler around with him so he can store severed hands of people who where brave enough to shake his hand
oUawS5lxTIm535h-vDgDaQ	Chuck Norris can piss his name in mid-air.
uzfjFsYiQDics_IUasKeCg	Who'd win in a wrestling match, Chuck Norris or God? Trick question, Chuck Norris is God.
a6KkaAOcTfuh8uIRB-Gu6g	Chuck Norris once beat the crap out of target for practice.
XGxNDAPNQniLF41QxPv_9Q	Chuck Norris' slinky goes UP the stairs.
Rl4RxZ0_Rw-oNI5a9DjhJQ	Chuck Norris and mr. T walked into a bar together. seconds later, that bar imploded. that much awesome cannot be contained in one building.
-GJq1MaOQ4GB0g1DfgVYyw	Chuck Norris speaks fluent Pootie Tang
h2An92gaR-y3wEfEtKr0Bg	Chuck Norris' mother was supposed to have triplets. Only one of them was chuck, the other two didnt stand a chance.
YraKsMC4RjWZMCstYvq1ow	Chuck Norris has a moat around his ranch named Rubicon, and you best not cross it.
ZSDKDFPQSsGOhX1oavSDvA	The main reason science has no explanation for Chuck Norris-- no one has ever returned from studying him.
biFma3KGS7ufNDCBeBx_-w	Chuck Norris can run the three legged race SOLO
B_INrZqPRbymsYWUp96DbQ	chuck Norris first cast bass
Z0dTbZf8SQKab2TI7ZYMhQ	Chuck Norris makes some of the best darn peach cobbler and beef stew you'll ever have made straight from his bedroom using his "Dutch Oven".
2laZoZ6hTqmMyi4Els2oxg	People with Alzheimer's always remember Chuck Norris
ThAfZRsGTqCNA6pUQkc6QA	When Chuck Norris goes for broke, he always ends up with millions more.
HhL-Xe42RqCZuHI6ZkWZNw	Chuck Norris can squeeze cream from a crop
QnICTjzXQa69MHxYx6JHaQ	Chuck Norris holds a 14th degree black and red chain belt in Tibetan Throat Warbling under the Bedouin monks of the Al Maghreb mountains.
E9SWeHtCRRKLTA-gDb4l1g	Chuck Norris eats honey badgers for breakfast
-D7neevMR8qAyywBvc5pbw	Chuck Norris' black belt is blacker than the inside of Wilt Chamberlain's leather-lined coffin on a moonless midnight.
IrXXuX4pTc2MeF_x_gsPdQ	Chuck Norris is God's secret cousin
drsyP-byS-CdqgxU9JOFBA	Chuck Norris was banned from the Winter Olympics because the judges didnt know how to score a double-lutz flip-axle roundhouse kick to the face!!
7WQ3h4s1QXCOWOePi791Jw	Because Chuck Norris likes the videogame Final Fantasy , SQUARE ENIX won't stop making them because the producers know that something bad is going to happen if the finish the series.
Jc287Gy4SmCaljGcyGIh1A	Chuck Norris CAN see John Cena, and he still had honks he's a bitch.
70POD3QvQKKvAQBRpO0Uiw	Please find below a complete listing of gifts that could be found under your tree on Christmas morning that might possibly be something that Chuck Norris can not kill you with:
y0EiYdujS2ei8VMmX0_JAg	The greatest discovery of mankind is Chuck Norris. You don't have to ask 'why?'.
f3dcIHPmQlKXCDZ4L7ir-w	Chuck Norris got his drivers licence at age, 16.... Seconds.
ef3oTnXaTjCFsdXMb4m6wg	Usain Bolt broke the 100m record by accident because he was trying to run away from Chuck Norris
KDUvlYnXSpezqBv_n2ztUw	when Chuck Norris pours milk into his rice crispy's they shut the fuck up
OlsdMIudTsOfAaii3NcXvQ	Chuck norris skipped recess in school, becuse he don't play
ae-78cogr-cb6x9hluwqtw	There is no Esc key on Chuck Norris' keyboard, because no one escapes Chuck Norris.
5YgiIAw7TaKNZ5DBzpLTlQ	When Chuck Norris farts, everyone around him says "excuse me Mr. Norris"!
Rngl1KOGR06vULKpBVPSWw	Chuck Norris easily on the latest 'Iron Chef America' contest when he prepared and served the judges a knuckle sandwich loaded with C-4.
7Puq5DVoRlSvtd_etCv4dg	Chuck Norris does not wear a condom because there is no protection from Chuck Norris.
85n7kxCWQlmL3MC6sSOGcg	Chuck Norris doesn't clip his nails with nail clippers, he clips his nails with scissors, and they work perfectly.
VBFCSieNRju5h2NTqxegaA	Chuck Norris prefers his Cobb Salad served with cocklebur croutons.
sqPuLSmbRPyJS96J8wN-mw	Chuck norris cures women with aids by fucking them
le74ICi_RzKkX9-I6ggsYQ	Fear of heights is called acrophobia.  Fear of enclosed spaces is called claustrophobia. Fear of Chuck Norris is called sensible.
99B90SWoSAOZiX2Gl_Kp9w	Chuck Norris doesn't have to say NO to drugs.....They don't ask
1Qrwn4e_Swafxxegu5L6qg	Grandma got run over by a reindeer. Then Chuck Norris finished her off by running over her in his Hummer.
pr4oPWZdQpyF1lyiTvl7Cw	it was once thought that Chuck Norris never lies, until he said that Chuck Norris facts arent actually true
k1ZWSDG-TXKibTqKwz7pAw	Chuck Norris has many a dead hooker in his basement.
tpKwyglsQQCaTXmVOmlxsg	In ancient Greece, Chuck Norris killed a man, screwed his wife, then set-up Oedipus to take the fall for it. Later, Oedipus fell in love with the widow and married her.
gH0jE2pOQMSUUZjbuJ5fOw	Chuck Norris can scare fear.
a42l7tLFQmeQVrWDeE1hfg	Johnson & Johnson spent $3.5 million in developing Band-Aids for Chuck Norris which are made of lead based Kevlar lined with an asbestos absorbent pad and adhesive bands coated with Super-Glue. However, Chuck Norris, impervious to injury, will never need to use one.
1Zcl6n9WReuVl5dCp3nYKA	when ppl sleep they count Chuck Norris
75-FG9jkQrysfwjr2gVPog	Satan has a ultimate weapon to try to destroy Chuck Norris. But sadly, it worked. But then Chuck Norris revived himself and kicked Satan's ass.
mKWMVbX0QqijU1WK-775sA	Chuck Norris pees pure arsenic.
0wsFII4QTfmw8cG6iqs86A	i kicked Chuck Norris' ass the other day, then i rode the magic rainbow bus to fairy land and had tea with the easter bunny.
oMznzorrRL-UmKuTbmuJ0g	Chuck Norris wipes his ass with various non-American flags.
-dkz7U7dRrugZwiAfGvIZQ	Although a big fan of meat, Chuck Norris has never eaten a tenderloin - nothing about Chuck is tender.
UHQqmSS2Re2xVWZjpJA_HQ	Chuck Norris only agreed to be in 'The Expendables 2' so he could have the chance to sit all his co-stars in a darkened room and show them a DVD of him banging all their respective wives, and offer pointers to them.
XWlhI9VJRYSxV1nV0v7c6Q	Chuck Norris can make a happy meal cry
MnYy5DdZRK2t4_GtYmmOyQ	I caught my girlfriend cheating on me with Chuck Norris. It was the most beautiful thing I'd seen in my life
TogrAjwPTTuNh8majZwltg	Stephen Hawking was Chuck Norris's first attempt at Robot Wars
QUn1EyTnTuC6ngd2MJsOng	CHUCK NORRIS DOESNT TEA BAG LADIES....HE POTATOE SACK THEM
KEOFdsYUSG2F7uucPH1Qag	Of course Chuck Norris screwed Madonna.
cJOLGb3pSiiaD0koGDPGEQ	Chuck Norris often go to the hen house to choke the chicken.
_n6ztutzSL-gyH1SQ2xafg	Chuck Norris can put you in a coma by slapping you in the face with his dick.
rRVg8Ni8Tb6yqHcJSeT3kQ	If Chuck Norris was anti-social, the world would be a very dangerous place.
6tnt23qwrqqmfu6vytkgqg	There are only two things that can cut diamonds: other diamonds, and Chuck Norris.
_YRWVi1bR1any_Kda9PJTQ	Chuck Norris was born before his mother got pregnant.
fcO-aJV0Qjy2kAa6z_gsEg	In the 1980s, Chuck Norris dry fired a gun eastward.  The result was the Chernobyl Incident
4kjjckxrtzygp_qtlyzq6q	What many people dont know is Chuck Norris is the founder of planned parenthood. Not even unborn children can escape his wrath.
Ge7enizPSBWsszypIzgWtw	Scientists have linked a powerful male pheromone in Chuck Norris's farts to multiple orgasms in women, a new study has shown.
MqOYPgyqRFyBJHmZaxxqIg	Google queries Chuck Norris' brain for search results.
Fu9vGLOIRF6q1JTK6Hqu2A	CHUCK NORRIS CAN DO A HANDSTAND.......WITH HIS PENIS
yz9Jc8oMTau1c6cingTIPw	Chuck Norris doesn't have a send button on his email, it knows its role.
dZjDwIcCTpSsEa8l85ut7Q	Chuck Norris can blow bubbles by chewing ghost chilis.
aKS0aJOZRBmHtOOk9Lqm8Q	Chuck Norris can speak russian in french... on his fiddle.
82rX58dDTyeyaobi8CafBQ	I was named Chucky by Chuck Norris. NO I'M NOT CHUCKY THE DOLL!
qaJbDGnSSe-w74a1ay73jg	The only way that Chuck Norris can get high is via Jack Daniels I.V. push TKO.
7DzrahV-RXSQ79szTftQzQ	We would just like to say that Chuck Norris is brilliant compared to almost anything.   However if Chuck is compared to the A TEAM he blends into insignificance, Chuck Norris is now shit and worthless compared with these mighty and perpetual warriors of our TV screens.  Face Mr T Hannibal Murdoch
mgiKok07S8ieabfAHN20Rw	There was once a contest for the most epic person in the world. Chuck Norris signed up. He got -678324567th place. He won, by the way.
WWXokdqSRgqpWzmyWNwBnQ	Chuck Norris has a deal: no paparazzi ever take pictures of him or follow him, and he won't murder that TMZ guy with his own big coffee mug.
ktzoNvEESKCIE7OC3MYCaw	'Deja Vu' is when nature replays, for the benefit of someone, what Chuck Norris did too quickly for his memory to correctly register
VVsYStpjTCevZvi5PFDn2w	R.I.P. Tarzan..Jane Killed him for Chuck Norris
MRZdkycpQOiHRa2oHKKP7g	Chuck Norris knows the way to san Jose.
WEBeHwA0TKOmLS422ka2RQ	If Chuck Norris starts a Twerk flash mob in Syria the government of Syria would surrender.
Go960ayjQ7aXzTcFh4Cz7g	Chuck Norris wears denim underwear.
s7imPWpfQEKinn8qF4mljQ	Chuck Norris doesnt shit bricks, he shits columns
n8dV0wpVTV-tC_QItYsP7Q	Chuck Norris had to take over on the 7th day of creating whilst God was resting.
xJwO6LwdSj2GbkMBW7FGIA	Chuck Norris has his dickprint on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame
dyN2cg5TQ7qY2rKsFSBw6A	Popye does not eat spinach. He eats Chuck Norris hair dyed green.
EjRlckdpTgOT8Kmb3GWAJw	When Chuck Norris was 5, he got 2 wheeler like his friends. . Their 2 wheelers were bicycles, Chucks was a Harley.
dxp6hh4rTNaFVOqOMFDmnA	Lesbians have Chuck Norris tendencies.
pzxDrsVeTKWSZ09M5GhYGg	Chuck Norris can bitch slap a skunk and not get sprayed.
fV_qW_jYSSaq7ygZGRSPgQ	Dairy Queen announced it's newest DQ treat, the Chuck Norris Combo Blizzard consisting of DQ ice cream, metal shavings, gun powder, Tobasco & topped with crushed glass.
4zFtg6xcQZ2d0GBwN1Pp4Q	Little known fact: Chuck Norris deviginized Mary LONG before Joseph ever met her.
pgTSLBogSmWatC6CkE_TxQ	Why there are no streets name after Chuck Norris? There used to be a street called Chuck Norris, but they had to change the name because no one crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
nAyNCiCQT2-t4uVudkKEPQ	No matter how religious you are, you won't be allowed into heaven if the last thing you said before your brutal death was 'I'm not afraid of Chuck Norris'.
i68wvowhsickqwluznarbw	Chuck Norris once ate three 72 oz. steaks in one hour. He spent the first 45 minutes having sex with his waitress.
gdi4AfX2QrypxiQdLEtu-w	Chuck Norris is a member of the Hall of Fame in 19 different sports.
LFS_pIjFSey4S92ADvi3CQ	when Chuck Norris wants food he folds the land to the nearest restaurant so he doesn't have to walk
erQkbL4iQUmDn9V2k6iiww	Chuck Norris views the Ironman Triathlon as "a nice cool-down."
v5Wfnw9LTw24U5uyqhHGZQ	Chuck Norris went looking for a bar but couldn't find one. He walked to a vacant lot and sat there. Sure enough within an hour an a half someone constructed a bar around him. He then ordered a shot, drank it, and then burned the place to the ground. Chuck Norris yelled over the roar of the flames, "Always leave things the way you found 'em!"
KcnkB_fYQk2Jmt8C_4F8YA	Helen Keller's favorite color is Chuck Norris.
GblHBTbkTYWyJD3cDGJJaA	Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the black off Michael Jackson
omYJ2EhrTKy2EcMa4MpSmA	Chuck Norris can name all 493 pokemon...BACKWORDS
voQJGR_rTginwy5dSZ51Eg	Chuck Norris once told Rage Against The Machine to mellow down and stop being so angry. They broke up the next day and joined Soundgarden.
h6EF5PXvQoK5cW60-lUeDg	Chuck Norris has a large, curved talon on each foot, much like the Velociraptor.
Q0otXai_SD2H-gCk0Zns2Q	The only things you can be sure of are Chuck Norris and taxes.
MftJRITGSMmhSZiuLsNN-A	The only time Chuck Norris has ever had his butt whooped is when the doctor did it when he was born. The Dr. has been in hiding ever since.
fn_z9mfysqydikmrb5vfqa	Chuck Norris once ate four 30lb bowling balls without chewing.
QeX_JFVcQaCntGWxpNyeqQ	when you hear a fire truck siren, its not because they are going to put out a fire... but in fact, they are delivering Chuck Norris' pizza and wings
YAH7zzUTRRuOOIvvZGXAqg	Chuck Norris doesn't go hunting.... CHUCK NORRIS GOES KILLING.
kZw_gVKvSV-lUGqII4psLg	Chuck Norris made Dave Grohl his monkey wrench.
PT8F0xfARC66ozzYmDwFAA	Clearly, the Iranians don't know that Chuck Norris is a Jew.
nTefmxfYRYa7v7n_1936NA	Chuck Norris invented the male sex.
3zA8rnrrSgCJMwlxB8XJPw	Chuck Norris' middle name is 'Eywa'.
HRL1A1MJSWO5Nxt5tuPZlQ	Chuck Norris and Sasquatch are maternal cousins.
nZ2BSfFdRDuTc3EoxFln-g	Chuck Norris can belive its not butter
fhW3jCFXQhyOEKbsTPUbGg	Chuck Norris once kicked a giraffes face to a snake. Now to this day the snake was called: "Brontosaurus."
vJ-yBlRgS1SWXdqUUoZNng	John Denver wrote "Thank God I'm A Country Boy" when Chuck Norris moved to the city.
e79tVq9SRl6ZqaCgg0Jgxg	Chuck Norris taught a young Tiger Woods everything about golf in a single lesson. Unfortunatly, Woods also caught a dose of Norris' enormous sex drive.
mrk89OrQSLS0ilri80U93A	During the Vietnam War, Chuck Norris allowed himself to be captured. For torture, they made him eat his own entrails. He asked for seconds.
NwpEq3oNQ6iTAlf_aNa-cg	Chuck Norris can punch the 'you' out of you.
lGB67Ua_QtKibYgB2GdMEA	The reason Neo was the one was because Chuck Norris was on vacation.
iWXML24TRA23b0QxK32wWg	Chuck Norris once found a piece of hay in a neelestack.
aeb4ry4sr0eyttutfvw4pg	Whiteboards are white because Chuck Norris scared them that way.
Auu4S9Y0RB-nts1KVfCzRA	If Chuck Norris played baseball, the Texas Rangers would have won the World Series in 2011.  And 2010.  And every Series dating back to 1972, their first year in Texas.
SV3nJ_ysQYSFt7LlqUJJfQ	Cigarettes stay away from Chuck Norris cos when he smokes them he not only gives them cancer, but AIDS as well.
95l3KzQ8SR64X8bHXr0AaQ	All the Chuck Norris facts you have read or ever will read took place within the first minute of him creating himself.
xe0kw90vqiatgmlqkh2b1a	Hellen Keller's favorite color is Chuck Norris.
8m37foMySNamkJYqFRnuvg	Nuck Chorris seems to know a lot about Chuck Norris' dick.
--4kKwTyQiWycq2P68yrhQ	Steven Seagal once took a swing at Chuck Norris. Seagal now runs like a girl in ever film he's in.
tEX_VRleSCCRceuhHNab-A	Chuck Norris's milkshake brings everybody to the yard.....
u3glR1eVRAuY_fN5rzLsfw	Chuck Norris' mom can kick your ass.
pIeNn_rzQ0OoO62HUVrfQw	If Chuck Norris steals money from a bank, the owner of the bank gets arrested for not just giving Chuck Norris the money.
r736GJqfQ2WdaTBQKR1Xbg	The Death Star's original name was Space Station Chuck Norris.
x8NBsx2oS0K5CMrbcGVHDA	Sticks and stones may break my bones, but Chuck Norris will always hurt me.
9T0Isn9CSu6YsJqFYqRkgQ	Chuck Norris can give you a vasectomy with a roundhouse kick or a trombone...your choice?
sZV1oNYfThOelkg7RMCEYA	Chuck Norris attacks sharks when he's smells them bleed
ygq2RzSYSDuY09WWHXFmLw	the day Chuck Norris jokes get old, the world will end.
L7DLHAx9Txa0GEPWnWWcVw	Even if Chuck Norris is entirely tied with metal chains, he'll still kick your ass
f5_lY13cSPCfkIYFC6DXdg	Chuck Norris once jumped over fifty-eight burning school buses on a penny-farthing bicycle and landed on Evel Kenevel.
dh8EoRhHSFyR2K9HabOcBg	Steve Jobs recently rickrolled Chuck Norris.
dpqrT7uNQ9uDYOr9aCBUTA	Chuck Norris can tell the time at night with the use of a flashlight alone.
tQVxZpeFTV2QVnKm2Hgrhw	Every night before bed Chuck Norris round house kicks 10 childern.
XYGobvVDSBW8bmuL1hwjfA	Chuck Norris's beard is so tough that he can use it as a shredder.
ZlahEkfDRgy2VJQK9_lZsA	The buck stops at Chuck Norris.
o6Vh9KHMQQSJDdHoWtWBtQ	The reason why we have night time is because Chuck Norris commands the sun to go to sleep.
keQNBKt1Re6IWxZI2I7-UA	When Chuck Norris goes to an ATM, the machine empties itself of all cash to Chuck Norris out of sheer terror.
ac1M2YQiTR2q2CiBT0Zp9Q	Chuck Norris wishes you a knuckle sandwich, and a happy throat-punch.
z1t60cTaQzuGQhq7l_qhUQ	Chuck Norris was once in a car accident and broke both of his legs... He still managed to walk it off.
9uwpgcz6SCuS1RGK4uFcDw	For Chuck Norris...In the game Monopoly every space is free parking.
rwroOuQ9TsulConuPsknnQ	When Chuck Norris steps on a scale and it reads 205, that's not his weight in pounds....that's how many people he's killed.....since stepping on the scale.
PXOhzoVEQyquXqIalsF7mw	Only God is allowed to edit Chuck Norris' Wikipedia page.
1SWxpR73TgivcY0ZVhVnzQ	The world is Chuck Norris' urinal.
bWJiWbKEQKagysfwVKJ-0g	When Chuck Norris contradicts himself, he doesn't
IMzrQ42JQ1ihYIHrSj63Tg	The first title was alien vs. Predator vs. Chuck Norris  , but no one wanted to see a movie that only lasted 14 seconds.
Yg6Nw_edQ5S7qCm0gz_caQ	Chuck Norris never wipes his butt
I9QjP-dbSVW77BHxELZZZw	If you roundhouse kick Chuck Norris, Chuck Norris will say: "Congratulations. You are my Roundhouse Kick buddy!" If i were a Roundhouse Kick Buddy i would go crazy! XD
CgNBeWlmTiSaie9taVFq3A	Chuck Norris once defeated a laser beam in the 100 meter dash.
XmGhGS85S1y1lj4H-GdR1g	There are no aliens in Area 51, only Chuck Norris' children.
-avQRsn9Sa6ugzSDWw4H6A	I don't know why we haven't been able to explore Black Holes yet....just send Chuck Norris
mLUozC5_T3uidSRnZ0nNgQ	When Chuck Norris watches, the paint dries instantly.
IWp-NfZ_SoGSSFD6jWVfQg	In order to sleep, Chuck Norris has to roundhouse kick himself in the face approximately 754 times. Even then, he still tosses and turns a little.
LJOnYKH1TxSha9jSnfnFsA	The dinosaurs are extinct because 70 million years ago Chuck Norris farted.
6UUb1yloR1SC9hn3nTtozA	Chuck Norris is the only person who can gang up on you.
2cnhoJ5_RbO0Q0rgOe9yZw	Chuck Norris owns a piggy bank made from a real pig.
h8PV-WoTTQSyfVk8pRnBFg	If Chuck Norris were to ever bungee jump, the earth would flinch.
xQB2ebtzTkG-j-RPVfM_mQ	Many cinemas in the south-west feature sold-out all-night marathons of Chuck Norris' Total Gym infomercials.
HwZ6aGsBRXG3giObKZRsaQ	Chuck Norris made Russell Crowe cry.
IsKGK1j3TZ-_sI5Zs5K4wg	Chuck Norris is so fertile that every time he jerks off into a sock it squeezes out a pair of cowboy boots.
RAbYrvUaTyqxV-HL__nzvA	If Her Royal Highness, Queen Elizabeth of England were to marry Chuck Norris, her official Royal title would be elevated to that of: "Liz Norris, Chuck's Bitchy Royal Slut of a Wife".
kEaKe_wPQFCE-9D4fjPErw	Chuck Norris can rear-end the car he's driving.
hgfnx-lzq_6y6sz2lcjgng	When taking the SAT, write "Chuck Norris" for every answer. You will score over 8000.
UyXVxR6tQHKXeSTUuyWwjA	When Chuck Norris goes to jail playing Monopoly, by the time he gives the bank $50 for bail, etc; his battleship has already murdered ten other inmates.
wq3bFJDSRmmr0HvMXCZNFw	If you stare into the abyss for too long, Chuck Norris will stare back.
YZZQ8KR5RaudTe4QrDRP-g	Chuck norris was born in the year 1 AC...Anno Chuck
pcQ5KuWTT_qZD3NOHfEY5A	It's not easy being green. It is, however, very easy to be violently murdered by Chuck Norris.
PA64YVntRFiQIVBePeXWaw	Chuck Norris can make a black man laugh by droppin' N-Bombs.
jN_2hY6DSwiR0UyUlE3d_g	Chuck Norris invented time travel to fight himself... we refer to the battle as the big bang theory
AX2uHx7SQDCPYRjzVGj5fQ	when Chuck Norris do his high frequency voise all the whales in the sea became deaf
YBTbkk5ITU2qC0In8YArgA	When Chuck Norris calls you your options are "Answer" or "Answer".
XBJTxITARkG0bj_yfASHYQ	To fulfill his daily requirement of dietary fiber, Chuck Norris starts his mornings off with a big bowl of rusty fish hooks.
DMbEL-UbTxaiLe4Wum-KyA	Chuck Norris never has a plan "B'. He never has a fucking plan 'A' either - all he needs is plan 'C' for Chuck.
yrRKrrzEQQqvczPYdL2aZw	Chuck Norris got a new pet for his birthday. So far, he has taught his Tasmanian Devil to fetch, roll over and sit.
2-5Dz9KUT264DjSunYaWYw	When does the Chuck Norris roundhouse kick strike? The answer is, anywhere, at any time, so hide in a hole forever...just in case he is looking for you.
OTSxYpaERkukGZZunmcOEA	Chuck Norris extracts snot from his nose with a toilet bowl plunger.
PErCOLKXS16ToNk9yccJsA	Chuck Norris left the toilet seat up. Got a problem?
oQjMIe5tTsOHITcyqBB_jQ	Shud up Phil you twat, me an Chuck Norris will kick your ass then were gonna chin whoever has been startin on will weston! fuck you anonymOus
m3tuiEUlQp-Uuhfi2DJkJA	Chuck Norris walked into a beauty parlor........ They didn't do anything to him!
ZG54JYBfRy-zuOqOBZwjIg	If you ask Chuck Norris what time it is, he always says, "Two seconds till." After you ask, "Two seconds till what?" He roundhouse kicks you in the face.
LNqCW_FmQ5ubonXnop02kQ	The only thing you can beat Chuck Norris at is the number of times you've had your face kicked in.
GN2u8h7gRIaxeofHyNikVA	Chuck Norris is the reason that the Army had to change their slogan, "Army of One".
Sf2xT3uNTJ2xFPv_9e1YSA	Chuck Norris' blood type is DOA Fucking Negative.
IrYu9UVGRWu0nLEbUcWC1A	Chuck Norris never delivers a 'coup de grace' - that's a queer French term. He just kills you.
dANg-q2TRMCbDGiU5qgWvg	If Chuck Norris was the Cardinals manager, the Red Sox would forfeit!
ezv3eWe5QNGOsUjcdeMtIQ	Every Gun family owns a Chuck Norris for self-protection.
V-z96DKMRfiW1Dioa7G1Dg	Someone once accused Chuck Norris of offering a call girl $1000 for an evening of sex.  That's a damn lie.  Call girls offer Chuck Norris well over $1000 for an evening of sex.
pLHjbekGT3G8vqpU1PrdGw	Chuck Norris smokes rolled-up newspapers.
dxxn0mrktb6-ewhec7bedq	In a recent survey it was discovered the 94% of American women lost their virginity to Chuck Norris. The other 6% were incredibly fat or ugly.
NPZtYZNcR8Cd_wKNQ0VBgQ	On rare occasion, Chuck Norris will allow a woman to give him a hickey. But then, only on his hemorrhoids.
MOEugqJ4T4KirtQulG-Nhg	Celebrities die in threes because for Chuck Norris, killing one celebrity is never enough.
8q7JD4FFRhqS-iiWqZkHsg	Chuck Norris loves all of his dogs, cats and horses .... with onions and gravy paired with a yak cheese, condor foie gras schmear on melba toast and a gallon jug of muscatel.
aVLhvWfbStuxhYslhEd7kw	Chuck Norris was embarrassed the first time he was caught getting a blow job. Miss Douglas, his 5th grade teacher, was even more embarrassed.
eiyfQ7CkQHS7SCoBXuLEzw	Chucky has a deep love for Chuck Norris' penis.
8PdIsuZHRbCNAloUXoj25g	Chuck Norris once ate an entire ream of rice paper and shat out origami swans and Mister Miyagi from Karate Kid.
G_RijA86SAyEB6DBAwGOCA	Nobody knows Easter better than CHUCK NORRIS!!
TBfBEtPaSu6UDay6lX7MDQ	There is no such thing as a Chuck Norris joke, only facts.
XnXBwvLJTBScCK4SqUGCPQ	Chuck Norris doesn't step on toes, He steps on Necks!!!
fr2CnrzCRH2OtWu5ibzDKw	When Chuck Norris runs his finger around the rim of a crystal glass, every dog within a four-mile radius explodes.
gjdLaT6OS9CP_Y1fnCJxvA	When Bruce Banner gets mad, he tuns into Hulk. When Hulk gets mad, he turns into Chuck Norris, when Chuck Norris gets mad, RUN LIKE HELL!!!!!!!!!!!!!
BDLiaARyS2-QKI-V5a4u2A	The only thing you can do to please Chuck Norris is to volunteer to be his personal punching bag.
0zCLAXSrT02RAUQSPZUy7g	Chuck Norris can make a boomerang fly straight, and make a regular sticks fly back to him.
bmom6jqftpqgokh8adtolw	Chuck Norris once rode a nine foot grizzly bear through an automatic car wash, instead of taking a shower.
OZB6pqIFTnCsWvbw5z4i3w	Chuck Norris can spin a sword... on his finger.
JWYJqHFwSza1I5YvBFb6XQ	Chuck Norris once paid a chef in Australia to cook him up a koala bear.
AgQ3JVdbSTi9-iVORUECYg	Chuck Norris DID relax!
KVi1Y2CkTwKX0sI82Jl8og	Chuck Norris' beard is actually made out of liquid metal. He can instantly stab you with it.
LQ13IxpUSbmRqqT7eEffmA	If you find yourself between a rock and a hard place, you are probably between Chuck Norris' foot and a brick wall.
gyha_1u2t66xgarrowtlva	Chuck Norris can overflow your stack just by looking at it.
LpKu5LcsS2Wf6Q64QMaLiA	Back in 1980's New York Chuck Norris used to walk around carrying two massive ghetto-blasters and still be able to drink a beer.
QRnAVA4LRLqw66vmYbjx_g	Chuck Norris' childhood macaroni art is on display at the Smithsonian.
h-YP5GtORuGjfxnA_KMNhg	When Chuck Norris moves in next door to you your lawn will die.
hqy8MC4VRdqq2DXriSTReg	Chuck Norris knows who the fuck Alice is. She is now living next door to him.
V9WGQsP1Ts-PI3BWuBuwRA	The original cut of 'Paranormal Activity' had Chuck Norris coming in halfway thorugh and having epic sex with the protagonist while yelling 'ARE YOU WATCHING THIS?'
7WrCV8j-TquYdQYlXShUIA	Chuck Norris' beerhat is a viking helmet with two kegs.
rXGhRdkMSnSsB_dQDWB94A	Chuck Norris can put his contact lenses in while blindfolded.
-T_-DnaQSGiv3Lroh-NORA	Chuck Norris is actually slightly vulnerable to attack only in the first few seconds after impregnating a fresh virgin. So there you go, all Norris-haters - you have at least two minutes a day to try it if you dare.
Esy9lMBtRr-mZ3I2UBogRA	Chuck Norris has never shot a round of golf with a score above -73. It would have been -76 but the Eagle he shot on the Par 5, 17th hole was still in flight when he hit it.
VqFugwJjQMmZhjBUklJFHg	Chuck Norris regularly performs mind tricks on Jedi Knights.
Ngl7KfiQQ1uKLVSlYDKvmA	Chuck Norris once threw a hand grenade into a crowd of 50 people , killing everyone of them.....then the grenade went off.
Zc9QJcwET_-SIRHlWOWMCQ	Chuck Norris once ate an entire wildebeest with a broken KFC spork.
IcL984nbQ0uWnkLEAMRMQA	Palaeontologists think the velociraptor had feathers because Chuck Norris said so.
cRcjbqJpQ-GMzIawRcvVlA	The only time Chuck Norris felt sadness was when he read Nuck Chorris' jokes.
4MQVZpMKRXiN9yMMIuGBNA	Pound for pound, Chuck Norris is the biggest badass ever.
JQChnENiQgS3BOIkTAGnfw	Chuck Norris can play Bach's Goldberg Variations on sitar, whilst accompanying himself on didgereedoo.
oC2jhHdyT1GINEXyH4khFA	Chuck Norris once ate an entire ream of rice paper and shit out oragami swans.
5f9lpT9jS0mE17Dzy9cryg	Chuck Norris can draw a picture of him kicking your ass, and send it you you a week in advance - and as soon you open it he will knock on your door, properly kick your ass, and you STILL won't know what the fuck happened.
40r0YZRyS0eF_fwZldeoXg	The crew in Apollo 13 could have saved themselves a lot of trouble if they had used "Chuck Norris, please help us" instead of "Houston, we have a problem".
fHWuCGyoSNCn1Tz2ZnfKqA	The marines need a few good men, so that Chuck Norris has someone to kill on the boat ride to do the mission solo.
aKBscCPbSV-RFF4rlvvEwg	Chuck Norris used Thor's hammer to tack a picture up on his living room wall.
yRHAjcUVS4ienLKx1TF9Lg	Chuck Norris can send text messages on a Post-It Note.
3Odt13-SQ06Pq-RUPwRQ4w	Peace disturbs Chuck Norris.
JzBdRy6kRayBG7_EZRUjEg	Chuck Norris once lit up a cigar in the Sahara Forest.
ovpkkf3lr2ar6wix6nef7q	Chuck Norris doesnt shave; he kicks himself in the face. The only thing that can cut Chuck Norris is Chuck Norris.
eu8XWL63RQeCDgud1kafiw	Condoms melt before they get anywhere near Chuck Norris.
8hdWzGXaTaKVo6Z1U5WvnQ	Chuck Norris formed the Grand Canyon with his bare hands.
AjdkmmOMS16nyVQQh06WTQ	Chuck Norris tells The Fonz to sit on it.
TtBq5_ovT86c1ZCJahjBfA	Chuck Norris' face is on the One Billion Dollar Bill, which only he owns.
VIT-Am-RSOSOH8TnyOIYxg	The saying "You win some, you lose some" was disproven by Chuck Norris.
11Y5uvm9TNyUHZkhy7_zig	CHuck norris can kick u with his hands, and punch u with his feet.
plj3-pqiRWuomVQKAy_AwQ	Chuck Norris can have his cake, eat it, then roundhouse kick you in the face with the extra power it gave him.
_Rxhb-GaQIO-KWLhNrjOXA	Chuck Norris applied for the position of 'God' but was rejected because of over-qualification.
HW2FCG66SKeloYZR1wjn3A	If you don't make these jokes funny, Chuck Norris will run all the way around the world in a millasecond and roundhouse kick you in the face!
GLdmhEhyTRCz-IsmXs9QZA	We all need somebody to lean on. Except for CHuck Norris.
XR9RaXneS2OJqqaTCqeFkw	Chuck Norris don't need no academy award, he owns the goddamn academy.
rFBF2KxqTuqYXOxRz_Sq-w	Chuck Norris never liked the Phillippines. Especially Tacloban.
RMvhq_ISQEOB6sgkFWhUvw	Chuck Norris scared the black out of Michael Jackson.
9dQXlFuAScC2YbyWEwhSdQ	mothernature asks Chuck Norris if its ok to make it rain
2B9EJ5YQSheIepxj2QPoUw	Chuck Norris is the biggest boss that Rick Ross has seen so far.
G4hjVuvdSnWD03cug8sdOA	Little-known fact: Lionel Richie wrote 'Dancing On The Ceiling' about the time he attended a Chuck Norris party where he reversed the gravity at his house for the night.
VzH_awXgSSG7Js_gc4Y1oQ	Chuck Norris fairly warned Tony Siragusa to not use Depends to "protect his manhood" before racking him in the balls.
n20qoz6tswuf4-apuugeiw	The crossing lights in Chuck Norris's home town say "Die slowly" and "die quickly". They each have a picture of Chuck Norris punching or kicking a pedestrian.
riS7X3XuQjGnpqd5WBI8wQ	jesus can walk on water. Chuck Norris can swim on land
UdszJQRhS4Kvub--6A9EqA	You can't beat Chuck Norris at poker ever. He always has the better hand...and the better fist.
m5prryVlQgWTx7mC2L8Rrw	Chuck Norris once stabbed a man to death with a pillow.
FPiSJYnpTNOhVTiYSFRaTg	Jesus could walk on Land. Chuck Norris can swim through land.
S7RTM__CRoO3cfvZzmpKxA	When Chuck Norris dies, the rest of the world will die with him.
DeoesP_tQAeujKcEy9jObQ	Chuck Norris plays bingo with a paint ball gun.
9t6ccRn5SgCqCcXX7lyp7A	Chuck Norris can mess with the Zohan.
FLw5bG2rQX6HrBIm9-ecog	Chuck Norris customised his iPod so that it now doubles as a cattle prod. It's his iProd.
1Q_o4vHHQPqJibBO2OnhlQ	Sadly, Chuck Norris' famous last words were: "Watch this". "Watch" meaning, "please kindly pay attention and observe". "This" meaning, "my snakeskin boot striking your skull thereby splattering your brains upon the ceiling, wall, hallway and finely fashioned Berber carpet".
VlB5Re5HTvODepafcL2zsA	Chuck Norris didn't vote this year...he delegated.
iqysvkptqdi4of6ns71ffa	Chuck Norris invented black. In fact, he invented the entire spectrum of visible light. Except pink. Tom Cruise invented pink.
Rl-pYUSvTtKifOXRAtDW6Q	Chuck Norris' pimp hand be well strong.
WeF2xbPWTm-ULlxOw1mb0Q	Chuck Norris sneezed in Japan- therefore causing Hiroshima to be bombed.
w1ftpEmOR_6HmoNnwlGlHA	Chuck Norris can suffocate a plastic bag, with a human.
xwrgryhnrvaidrkvayjeca	How many Chuck Norris' does it take to change a light bulb? None, Chuck Norris prefers to kill in the dark.
KdHyYYH5T1GOvQ7uzI_IVw	Chuck Norris plucks his nose hairs with a set of vise grips.
K_G3m6OiReKtcu5N_ajveg	War of the Worlds is in fact a documentary of when Chuck Norris Jizzed in his pants
Dl03yFbOSA2HuLl4VfaoRw	Chuck Norris has an 8 millionth degree black belt.
79ZJscMKQ2a0dcX_TcNeFQ	NASA ended the space shuttle program when they discovered it'd be easier and cheaper to have Chuck Norris launch astronauts into space.
XBEz9TVCSVe9e7J14vDhBw	Chuck Norris can make a carpet fly
rQyihVdSTLS6J2wLlwM54Q	A Chuck Norris beating is tax-deductable.
LowRYYbsThGBU-mm9TyAtQ	NASA has found a replacement for the space shuttle. They are calling it Chuck Norris's arm.
-_v5qShkT3ObqRiZ7ODXMA	Religons: HINDU JEWISH CHUCK NORRIS
0un6ADQmTxeGsP9Dea0raA	Chuck Norris' shadow follows him from a safe distance.
JCqDigVeRbyfmmcGtUNc-g	Chuck Norris' dartboard, which he has played with since childhood, is in mint condition with only a single hole in the exact centre.
dc35uWWyTfONDuIhV-Lbrw	If you download more than five images of Chuck Norris, your hard drive will explode.
9hm3CZv5QKCG1WdBrnSmDg	Chuck Norris believes in lethal injection. He just shoves his index finger through your skull.
g_HFqq9KSoGO5nIFnmJNLw	If you make a spelling or grammar error when typing "Chuck Norris", you immediatly get killed by Chuck Norris.
ilIgcOtLTmyuZ--IgOV2hQ	Chuck Norris' favorite Texas Chinese restaurant always serves him Snake Egg Drop Soup, Armadillo Fried Rice, Scorpion Rangoon, Moo Goo Gai Moose & Hunan Jack Rabbit.
QgqdNQMGSPSbao9PZrf5Kw	Chuck Norris lost both his legs in a car accident....and still managed to walk it off
XZDOHb53SjudnuHmcc3tXQ	One of the main reasons there are so many mean fifth graders in the world today is because Chuck Norris stopped punching bad guys in the dick a decade ago.
5trQLiYeRCK0COpGFF2gyQ	Q: When will men's figure skating will become popular in America?  A: Only if Chuck Norris becomes a fan. Which of course will never happen...
AqIMkhPnQGCIkMNRgsf8Sw	Chuck Norris doesn't play the lottery, he wins it.
3ghUe9QNRnyyVbmCds5cAA	Chuck Norris can make necrophilia trendy
Q4XpHiOEStaeMXt8uDVTLQ	If you fight against Chuck Norris, there is no retreat and no surrender. You're dead before you can do either.
O6DRVewRTC2sJ9HG_vUxnQ	Chuck Norris smacked the bejesus out of Bejesus. That's why he is currently known as simply Jesus.
pkGG7D1DRWGmZvq2oazB2w	Chuck Norris can catch fire on fire.
ux5mdkg3ssujpmgao3uzvg	President Roosevelt once rode his horse 100 miles. Chuck Norris carried his the same distance in half the time.
ZBqDtL1iTKCEhXWiNBgBtg	All medieval countries translated Chuck Norris' name the same: Bubonic.
FFGg0jRGTVqJEDM1dLuSWw	The official CIA report reads, "Chuck Norris impaled Osama bin Laden with a flame, raped all 54 of his wives for 126 minutes, then roundhouse kicked his son in the soul. His son reached approximately 1 million degrees Fahrenheit in less than a second.
KN33KmSxSdKn5FR09yxNPQ	Chuck Norris doesnt do the ice bucket challenge. Chuck Norris does the HOT LAVA BUCKET CHALLENGE.
lkor-8baqmcjoftr-am_qw	Project managers never ask Chuck Norris for estimations... ever.
dpOAHxd7RSaybLMnL0ArrA	Chuck Norris has the mind of an Industrial Engineer. Every Sunday after church Chuck Norris picks-up a barrel of extra crispy KFC and a DQ shake from the McDonalds drive-thru. Why? Because nobody denies Chuck Norris anything and McDonalds is closer to his house than Taco Bell.
0vljiBI3SyqeyewNMuHTFw	Chuck Norris was originally cast as Lord Eddard "Ned" Stark in Game of Thrones, but Boromir was cast instead because the film crew couldn't find a sword that can chop off Chuck Norris' head.
S-cnA1bZQOGJHGm3jNua5g	100 years ago Albert Einstein predicted gravitational waves Chuck Norris can provoke one, if he wants on 2015-09-14 he was in good mood, so he did it
gYjPCdoTSciGfvVRjk3UHw	Young Chuck Norris would walk uphill to and from school.
BjSs_8lPTcWJft-vY-iC7A	Many people wonder why Star Wars begins with "A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away"... Well, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked all the jedi, clones & other aliens in that galaxy and moved to ours.
2XgArr6aRkutWUmK7e8vBg	Dimonds are tears solidified from when Chuck Norris was a baby.
KOjQzTTjT3KoleiC70KbmA	Chuck Norris once tore a mattress of it's tag.
s4gAuWb2SyG6Je4AnZhYcg	Chuck Norris had an unfortunate run in with The Predator. It was unfortunate for the Predator, as Chuck slapped him stupid and sent him home.
1Ia198hWT2a3FdbNMrboUw	CHUCK NORRIS IS YOUR FATHER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
_eh6qfhvs6a1zdhkkzglda	There are no races, only countries of people Chuck Norris has beaten to different shades of black and blue.
LGWLKp5sSH65T__6g3SyQA	It is a well known fact that too many uninformed people, now deceased, took Chuck Norris for granted. It is equally true that all living, well informed individuals take Chuck Norris for granite.
Ns26VhJ7T8SS85TSNtbi_w	How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck NORRIS
lxygnv_ctv-39bwayrqqug	Chuck Norris doesn't pair program.
rtKSpSvrSPy6DnmoZrra5Q	Chuck norris and his penis have different phone numbers because they are always in different area codes.
2VbdRXwEQ8-rT6dyRJWW4w	911 happened when Chuck Norris threw a paper airplane
p-1eBQvWSBCtleRt6nLxwg	Chuck Norris is a poet and his feet know it. Each one has an impression of your face on it.
gsTT-2MZQb-Ypt1Tdv5efw	Chuck Norris once figured out how to make his dick 100 feet long.  He folded it in half.
4R1oEOOBTCu65Boo2lY-IA	Chuck Norris sold 10% proprietary rights of his manly essence to The Jolly Green Giant. Now anybody can open up a can of Whoop-Ass.
tzuCwVCXRtqlFXbd4YHtrw	Chuck Norris can eat tomato soup with chopsticks.
9nL_Qq8HQ0e1AZIht42ffw	Chuck Norris' toejam sells for over eight hundred dolars a bottle.
ha4sojYqSvqdF8tKnIT33w	Chuck Norris has a special stare that turns goat crap into gasoline
xpHhBvo1S6ytPVKr5GJaOw	Chuck norris' drumset is all cowbell.
K6Cv7y9MTjaTsc8ynm91AA	Chuck Norris can play angry birds, listen to music and watch movies on a pay-phone... and all for free
nwPN9AsxTIab8bEaDGPnAQ	Chuck Norris can unscramble eggs in a Vita-Mix blender.
7NzBJ-pITeKGMWSe_qZbaQ	Daenerys Targaryen is the "Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea," the "Breaker of Chains," and "Mother of Dragons."  She would trade all that and more to become "Woman of Chuck Norris."
leVttLieQhasdDL5U20Dng	Chuck Norris can live on the dark Side of the moon............naked
iY60HsesTjKmHtR4CNO_Ww	Most people need a lighter when they burn down a forest. Chuck Norris only needs his ass and his lazer vision.
lFmWlJ5FQq246RGVDBn00w	Chuck Norris digests His Food In His Mouth.
3iqUHCZoQjWW0zlHUZsMoQ	one day as a joke Chuck Norris peed in a truck, today we know that truck as optimums prime
-CZBbMA5QrqEqulw0U-q2A	Chuck Norris endorsed Blue-Ray.
ERbT6YnsRWiwYDEKdvz2pw	Chuck Norris can chuck a schmuck like a puck.
KKlC7IqwQBOjdJaZrKREZg	The reason the last Ice Age ended was because Chuck Norris had gotten bored with all the snow and ice, and yawned, melting all the glaciers.
cZeQAQSCRuGwCTMJRhprPQ	Rick James died of a heart attack when he heard the words 'I'm Chuck Norris, bitch'.
Bqlx770ZSRuiO140EGBE3w	Chuck Norris can roadhouse the air
c29siFUWSS-_dl9Ika4RZQ	Women throw themselves at Chuck Norris, whether they want to or not.
YTcuCiUhSR2xaPsFoGKnSg	Chuck Norris was a stowaway on board Apollo 13. When the astronauts encountered problems, Chuck took over the craft, and successfully navigated it back to earth to splash down in the Pacific. He told the pussies to keep it a secret or he would track them down and kill them. He then swam away before the recovery ship arrived.
2dE1FsdKR1yPO4m1PSbx3Q	Slash, of Guns & Roses fame, got his name when the toenails from a barefoot Chuck Norris roundhouse kick slashed the top of Slash's skull & hair off. That's why Slash now covers his deformity with a tophat.
fqmCw9YhQO6ln9g2IYs2UQ	Chuck Norris got mad at some vegetables, the end results were Black-eyed peas.
KqkLLp8dQvmDkOP9ZMnFOw	Choose life. Before Chuck Norris kills you.
sxW58vYrQnSxDg2RvYXpng	If released, the four-hour Chuck Norris/Kim Kardashian sex-tape will literally break the internet.
_-nIhvuqQd6DyzpVVRAPnA	When Chuck Norris rips you a new one, it is actually anatomically superior to your old one. You must thank Lord Norris.
StRzEBiyTj6NfmYthi6bQg	Chuck Norris can flip a coin and make it land on both sides at the same time.
V828XTXbRw2VHT8vY1RogQ	Files don't become declassified, Chuck Norris just decides when the people need to know.
PsIH2-1RRMad8sqQSW8zuQ	If Chuck Norris had starred in "Jaws" it would have been called "Dentures"
KfY9rgE_TeeicgN0ImksvQ	If you look closely, you can see Chuck Norris in the background of every scene in 'Avatar'.
_eBhT44NSq28ErFpLyB1vQ	Chuck Norris went to Ihop for pizza
VOO5K2rwSX2UL-ysQee42g	Chuck Norris killed his shadow while shadow boxing. That's why you never see his shadow when he comes up behind you.
f7aGbCj9QcWQCdvDxJYkjg	Chuck Norris can tap dance though a mine field...wearing clown shoes
TSKPCFDcTe-bJxrcrVNHkQ	Jesus wears a bracelet that says wwcnd (what would Chuck Norris do?)
kv95RRh0SCie8_8q4B7hRA	The sun doesn't shine on Chuck Norris. If it did well you know when a solar eclipse is coming.
gLL80CDpT0ebkYaBVIbWPw	When god create Chuck Norris, god not exist anymore
9pcEcbGeQeiMdiF7ibma7A	It's just a matter of time until an asteroid strikes earth. They are just scared to hit earth until Chuck Norris has died
-Whh7TwGT52ZiDBR6mR5EQ	If you'd like to thank Chuck Norris for being so awesome, his email address is "gmail@chucknorris.com."
2okswpdgsxygovph4hlwng	Chuck Norris' favorite cereal is Kellogg's Nails 'N' Gravel.
RklWX9FRRK278XbNYG3QjA	Chuck Norris always signs his cheques with a bigass peacock feather.
4eVFRr4yRRmWTQHrbygl0Q	Had Chuck Norris been present at the Battle of the Alamo, the southern border of Texas would be extended a few thousand miles to Guatemala.
K11jTOKEScytEsVEk05npw	When bored, Chuck Norris will play Hopscotch on your face.
FnWEVtdzTm2XDCQV9ibjgA	Chuck Norris fucks will weston anally - rape is Chuck's favourite game.
PYTfJzaJRr6zu5Ls3nw28A	The instant Chuck Norris came out of his mother, his first words were, "Which one of you motherfuckers is Julius Caesar?" The senators took the rap for him.
eV3hPZzCREmxKy0Jj3790Q	Chuck Norris had what Meg Ryan was having.
lSygvqaIRfK6ZbrQz4FosA	Chuck Norris uses his pet guinea pig, Whiskers, to hunt mountain lions.
SpQ-Zga7T16TS8qYNM1hHA	Chuck Norris bed sheets are made of sheet metal.
7j_zRE-YRry-0X1FfVtBqg	Chuck Norris was asked if he would date Rosie O'Donnell? Chuck said "I'd rather shove a lit match up my pee-hole".
Ilwl5MP9Sq6uLLTf3bTiXQ	When Chuck Norris says "pull my finger", plan on being cloaked in and smothered to death in brown vapor.
XiA5cJY7SKusqlekgePA_w	Chuck Norris' newest pet is a rocket pig. Chuck says the coolest thing about it is, if you ever get tired of flying your rocket pig, you can just turn it into bacon. Win, win!!
-Z6-RVneT4KEAaFBCCsxDg	Chuck Norris has never used a #2 pencil.  Only #1 is acceptable to him.
RxXqiBlkQJK7-fPLvlxllg	Chuck Norris dosnt need a keyboard he tells the computer to write something and it does
BVw2uxYESteG401kaTydSw	Chuck Norris uses crab legs for toilet paper.
TS5MAdPNTk2oXdUvbuJSgA	Chuck Norris reaches 11 on the Richter Scale, if you confront him and say it only goes to 10 you will recieve a roundhouse kick..which will reach 12.
Q8QVLe2HQGOkYZmmK11RjQ	Chuck Norris came, he saw, he conquered--in reverse order.
95_OCK5MSO--a2ZManFxjw	Chuck Norris doesn't 'give you a wedgie'; he slices you in half with your own underwear.
JHaIKfGoTVOX-WzMbHejyw	Chuck Norris dosen't obey WeeGee.WeeGee obeys Chuck Norris
MeFf6tojRhuE80IZmQzhkQ	Before Chuck Norris was born, the martial arts weapons with two wooden rods attached to a chain were originally called Nunwaldos. Nobody knows what happened to Waldo but they are still looking for him.
kosik1_3TcCgrGOuloSHRw	Chuck Norris doesn't fan the flames of jealousy - he farts on it.
mbf1k3sUSs2zvsy-kpmYvQ	You have no idea just how many hemorrhoids one person could possibly have until Chuck Norris takes his foot out of your ass.
kvklL2J-QqGapbur-5QW3g	Chuck Norris doesn't take life for granted - he just takes lives.
qmk8s27MT8yw42NOn-PD2A	Chuck Norris's Total Gym Contract: $10 million 5% of total sales 30 days of banging Christie Brinkley  Christie Brinkley's Total Gym Contract: 30 days of getting banged by Chuck Norris
sEmucRFzS4y67cRbA4gstw	Chuck Norris once walked down the street with an erection.......there were no survivors.
lFvCMIqUSAmHJ7iAF6EE2w	If all the army's in world were to wage war on Chuck Norris he would just cough and they would be dead
XRJre4oESZuWvqM2408vdw	Everytime you jack off, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks a mexican baby.
htgg43w6sxs9_-5nn3s5ha	The square root of Chuck Norris is pain. Do not try to square Chuck Norris, the result is death.
RetTxqV0QY2CArScpL4PEw	Trick me once, shame on you, trick Chuck Norris.....rest in peace.
zNmfEsTOS0-oIFBSpL23fw	The sun is afraid to look chuck Norris directly in the eyes
dDFP97kVTX660_Y-3XDyvQ	Chuck Norris drinks unholy water.
nXeSnk5KQP2SZz3c2RXgbA	Chuck Norris laughs at the "four-hour erection" warning that Viagra has to include in its ads: "Hell, mine stays up for six hours at least without any pills!"
MmBqKlbxTWKXSSkgp4umGw	Chuck Norris once went fishing, but then ended up fighting a shark and roundhouse kicking it into the Pacific Ocean.
U8LGladiTEmv-c8YRbBk-Q	Every Tuesday morning Chuck Norris goes crawling the whole of the Internet with his friends Googlebot and Slurpy.
d31M-R8TTr2siqp1qPeT7w	when alexander gram bell inveted the first phone he already had 2 missed calls from Chuck Norris
LT_83c6HQR-7SgiKJIM8pw	Pain and death is what Chuck Norris makes it.
NUGhv06RSda5kyVGdQ-39w	when Chuck Norris went to burger king he asked for a big mac, one minute later they gave him one
Y4bxtio9TuK5XsmnpJRUQA	Chuck Norris once received a blowjob from a slim lingerie model. That model is now known as Susan Boyle.
2Nrk4XdgR9udSqGqsZTLLQ	lmao to the ones underneath,, Once Gary Neville and Chuck Norris had a arm wrestle no one knows who won as everyone there had an fatal fit on the thought on Gary Neville and Chuck Norris in the same room!
TcxFuPEJTvKVTMVpjPbGBw	How long is a piece of strChuck Norris.
BuNe7usbS7O-PLSypn93Fw	Chuck norris killed 37 terrorist with 2 bullets,the first was a warning shot!
RWG15vsHSt6O9ww9KV6Zsg	Aliens are real. They are just in hiding because they know that Chuck Norris is waiting!
nW5yd-ZASCSlTsL6lXX3SA	Chuck Norris despises the color yellow, and can stand it for only about 12 hours at a time. Which is why the sun hides daily.
KdtDgSTNRmiS1V6JV22qcA	Chuck Norris can burn a fire.
uHmjlYZQQF2UerG7psNUgQ	Bowser was once like any other Koopa- until Chuck Norris breathed on him.
TFJiicZ8ROSMYoTuculuFw	Chuck Norris dosent tea bag the ladies he potato sacks em
zZKbqetUR0ey8Xx55kL4PA	All e-mail from Chuck Norris is preceded by this warning: Open at your own risk. Enough said.
XFK2D5CfQ_OtDm806__h0w	Chuck Norris can lift himself three feet in the air while urinating.
dINSkBgVSAeUQpngVt-aPg	Like President Obama Chuck Norris also recieved the Nobel peace prize for doing nothing, but in Chucks case millions of lives were saved..
26pCvbZaS2OPkPUyjlNBlw	Chuck Norris often bathes in municipal cesspools. Afterwards, Aquafina, Dasani & Evian are quick to capitalize on this opportunity to purchase low cost purified water.
r3x3id9uTK67t4QStXGaZQ	when Chuck Norris bowls he does it over hand.
2QV81jmsSp2sxmY_L9oppQ	Nike says, 'Just Do It'. Chuck Norris says, 'shut the fuck up, boy'.
WkGwikDYQ4mfQiSuU11iog	Steven Seagal has a full sized tattoo of Chuck Norris ass on his face.
HLQaEEqUQiOCUB6581N-iA	Chuck Norris doesn't kick people to the sun,he kicks the sun to people
DHEa7NhgSTyFevrGV0xHBA	Chuck Norris taught Michael Jackson how to moonwalk.
jZYfxwu2Q-e8zW6QlrhlSA	Chuck Norris' pet hamster just gave birth to twin tarantulas.
40mabPTdTiiyniVXdgbRGw	hittler killed him self because he found out Chuck Norris is jewish
6xHiotWrRcuSMxVTw_sLBA	If Chuck Norris got a teardrop tattoo every time he killed someone, his face would've been completely black by the time he was 11.
bFnEmohIQimOR3ZVK3RNaQ	AMFG@!@!@!! JESUSSS I GOT MU ASSS KICKED BY YO MOMA AHWDEAQHw3btr0gn94bgirubguibrgiubeuibgr GO CHUCK YEAAAAAA :)  one day Chuck Norris was walking along the street and he wanted some marmite and it tasted real good! then he tried it on some toast  and had a real big fright
eDSGFh3UR92As2IB2jOztA	When God said: "LET THERE BE LIGHT!" Chuck Norris said: "Say please."
1-T911MgSheqBYMwJCKPKw	Chuck Norris once abducted aliens.
nR8uediuSXS_hEovUcuwGw	Chuck Norris enjoys big game deep sea fishing. He generally uses a live moose for bait.
qVMK4RvYRCeyuLyd6S-CQA	Child: Dad?  Father: Yes son?  Child: How come there's no jokes about Chuck Norris?  Father: Because Chuck Norris is no joke.
e690xhz_te2hnf7nk7ppfq	Chuck Norris eats steak for every single meal. Most times he forgets to kill the cow.
Er2kYwvAS5GpKdTIV14mnQ	Somebody was lighting up a Marley just as Chuck Norris cut a fart aboard the Hindenburg.
rHczvCBwTQCVagEkvndoeA	Chuck norris can eat fire and air.
fpMZF_HQTwqbXNpYSsxfxA	Chuck Norris' blood type is diesel
osD7iVH6RDuflVep7Zi2GA	Chuck Norris' balls make a pumpkin look like a bronze bb.
rllvsGLvSkWPSdDSUQ548g	Chuck Norris' prostate doctor only has 9 fingers.
Zha6APiTSKWDYfGxLGZ9Ew	One time Chuck Norris rode a shark...  on land  while on fire  while making love to three swimsuit models
ABiECCHlRIivlpffrYwNWQ	When Bruce Lee did the fighting scene with Chuck Norris, he had to take 500 million gallons of tranquilizer injected in his body just so Bruce Lee could even land a punch on him. He had to use all the tranquilizer in the world to feel those punches. Seriously!
rzgrU_s1RDSAWr-K2tkAhg	Chuck Norris can literally break his foot off in your ass.
xVgtaYSSQUOChJQGFBb3pQ	Chuck Norris can touch a bottomless pit
6Q-GPUlpS1Svu7RuPyGvcQ	3 asians once ate 150 hotdogs in 1 minute. Not to be out done, Chuck Norris ate 3 asians in less than 20 seconds
9h_jxdqnry6ou7iy6rm75g	There is in fact an 'I' in Norris, but there is no 'team'. Not even close.
D6ru7Td0RWa8zLNRM_T_EA	If you can see Chuck Norris, he can see you. If you can't see Chuck Norris you may be only seconds away from death.
1jP2VyNFQPemJB71GePV_g	Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers. Chuck Norris shot him and screwed his mother against a wall for three hours.
XTBRqb03QFCyC5KC5SI4EQ	Chuck Norris is who got Anarchy pregnant, thus giving birth to The Sons of Anarchy.
XdU-SJM7SteZh7BQQHYMKQ	Chuck Norris likes to walk around his Beverly Hills mansion wearing nothing but a pimp hat and fat gold chains.
EijYWni9QyiZo5nYc0IE4w	When Bruce Banner gets mad,he turns into the Hulk.When Chuck Norris gets mad,the Hulk turns and runs.
0qsJjzyWS7u1zaiXUeYj9A	When Chuck Norris attended a Boy George concert, Boy George soon found himself in the nose bleed section - literally.
XzZzm1izQ9WMm-MtXTyJlA	Anthony Weiner resigned from congress and immediately committed suicide after learning that he had also accidently sent a twit to Chuck Norris.
Tq1kAkn_SemFMlvrNNGlqw	One of Chuck Norris' bumper stickers reads 'This is just a distraction - I'm now sitting behind you'.
WE_nD1BwRbem9o5usieiGw	Chuck Norris can slice fries with his beard. He then stares at them until they are Golden Brown.
PpUXuf5aReWEUG_l9d-H3g	Chuck Norris knows where Waldo is hiding.
klsQdtvISrmCKTQIRig9gQ	Chuck Norris can sing bohemian rhapsody with his farts.
H2CRG43qSN-uCo-OLbLK2w	people hits pinnate with a stick, Chuck Norris hits pinnate with a flamingo
jXS8_BYXTO68DUvBJ_tHng	The Military has nothing on Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris is the real ARMY OF ONE!!!
nENYqYW6Qx-imb9ev4iSYQ	Chuck Norris tweaked his Harley, to give it 4-wheel-drive.
P4V35xM8Tteiy8vvBMp3IQ	Chuck Norris doesn't suffer from premature ejaculation.   He enjoys the fact she gets nothing out of it.
Vv1iSdntSOmh4QXgDTXHPw	Even Black Holes cannot escape the force of Chuck Norris
bmwh6W0KT3mlTpF-4bpQxg	Chuck Norris can run Windows Vista without it crashing...on a 286!
9hf65PnlT_qk8eQ3R507jQ	It isn't uncommon for grown men to wet themselves in Chuck Norris' terrifying, musk-scented presence.
AaymNVxCSmmuk54Rn6RyCQ	Chuck Norris doesn't sleep on beds beds sleeps on Chuck Norris
RGmoxz0QSUGGXaCRRga_YA	Speed doesn't kill. Chuck Norris' foot does.
9--bgL3-TO2ZfJRVE69bag	The Most Interesting Man in the world recently met Chuck Norris. He said "meeting Mr. Norris was facinating".
BrauHvj4Sq-fE7vsgGH3EQ	You cant fool Chuck Norris he'll kill u
YksznfIdR-apg5OeqzB-Fg	Chuck Norris is so fast, he can lock a drawer with the key still inside it.
T3Y6XJYtRCSisLcyVOhjFQ	War of The Worlds was actually a documentary- all the aliens died out after Chuck Norris dealt with them.
GPgc1oLIRqCSeMxeqrDHJQ	Chuck Norris made Kristen Stewart emotional.
VMp6xx8cTZ6nzTAGiNxACg	Chuck Norris was born on March 10, 1940. I am yet to find evidence of famous deaths that occurred the next day. How strange.
xW2OyjYnSpaEtdoyVAobAQ	God and satan go to the Chuck Norris church every sunday.
IXuU2fxWQmGuG1yYDaZ8vg	Never tell a secret to Chuck Norris. Chuck will never tell but he'll kill you to be sure the secret stays with him.
xmYv8wFzTBaIuVl2ISd2IQ	Chuck Norris has slept with over 4,000 women. And of course by 'slept', he means Norrised.
tBMjjmhCTKqvu53FiuyZhQ	Most men's sperm look like tadpoles. Chuck Norris's sperm look like motherfucking mudskippers.
n2crsj2CQiesS5mhWfCuPg	Chuck Norris once wrote & published a book titled 'Under the Bleachers" under his pen name of Seymore Butts.
GzSEIl7GSSiIdc7dyLDiMQ	when Chuck Norris goes shopping he doesnt go shopping for clothes, he goes shopping for @ss h*les
8zntH7YwRKu5Js1vcp3lMg	Jack Links Beef Jerky wanted to film a series of "Messin' with Chuck Norris" commercials. They later had to settle for Sasquatch because they couldn't find any actors dumb enough to mess with Chuck Norris.
CxSRLvKPSeu49mTbWf0XHg	Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked a man so hard, he turned into a gorilla!
4HWF0McBS8aO0PdVdQ7ycQ	Chuck Norris can fix stupid with duct tape but he prefers to fix it with a roundhouse kick to stupid's face.
p20FWreLQ1Gc4Hv3YtZfMA	Chuck Norris owns the world's only working proton pack. He has used it once, to kill some noisy neighbours, then catch their souls.
pjepanwfqgowpgc3uf_7hg	Chuck Norris doesn't look both ways before he crosses the street... he just roundhouses any cars that get too close.
Qzv6b-uOQi6O59Wrj2IXkg	Chuck Norris doesn't even need to stop for it to be Hammer Time.
oWnhc3ARRy6IZiRUD5n3Ww	Instead of the holy trinity, it should be The Holy Quadrinity: the father, the son, the holy ghost, and A Chuck Norris Testicle Hair.
PRFuGfmNT52K6BBjnb28PA	If you play Pink Floyd's 'Dark Side Of The Moon' while watching Delta Force 2, Chuck Norris' boot heel will sync up with your face.
qig97ZCjT2WgM_yFq6kL5Q	Chuck Norris can write a haiku with one syllable.
1pakJ3eoSbexXovSCAwuHg	corey sucks.....Chuck Norris approves this message
_rUTk-yuQAObPIpEyccD2w	The Man works for Chuck Norris
wPc8DUgGSZKACzw5X-iFfw	Chuck Norris has submitted internet forms without posting all required information because he is a machine - not a mere man.
Ea0u9Ns9TS-l8Q5WplC_aA	Chuck Norris got into a fight with himself... and won
yo2HPp8GSAOoWLFr1v6mbA	Chuck Norris once lovingly rubbed his beard across the face of a dying little girl in an attempt to reviver her. He succeeded in reviving her but his beard erased her entire face.
CTQFI6JcTJuixZ6_zxclnw	Chuck Norris can shoot you down by the Ctrl-Alt-Del menu.
oJMlWa4MSLmRHK4_SIqp_Q	Chuck Norris once woke up one morning thinking he was in the process of strangling a 1,200 pound walrus but then very quickly realized that he was actually masterbating.
LLKDQrJGThuqSIqKtckx8g	The Black Eyed Peas inspiration for "Boom Boom Pow" is about Chuck Norris famous lethal combination. 2 straight jabs creating the "Boom" sound and finishes you off with the roundhouse kick to the head creating the "Pow" sound.
BZqX2kKHShShWAb1dW5qEA	Chuck Norris takes no prisoners. He kills them before they have a chance to surrender.
Q6OUygDJQ7KKeOaNSQyaJg	Chuck Norris won on last weeks Iron Chef America T.V. show by microwaving two ham & cheese Hotpockets.
xrRPjL5rQbeq_Ns7vYgq7A	The saddest moment for a child is not when he learns Santa Claus isn't real, it's when he learns Chuck Norris is.
LhA20VBXSnq8V8vWskE2FQ	Chuck Norris can kill over 9000 ailens, birds, noobs, people with only oen rock
2ySrSZr6SfmUWVJp_N4R6Q	Facebook, not only a social networking site but also the shape your face takes when roundhouse kicked by Chuck Norris.
68eCkLCgQPmQt2HS-nI0QA	Chuck Norris was once challenged to a game of chess by a chess master! A couple of hours into the game, the chess master moved his queen to b7, putting Chuck Norris into check mate! However, Chuck Norris moved his fist into the chess master's face and moved his foot into the chess master's ass, thereby winning the game of chess forever!
uhcflvv3qfatx2ku9npdrg	Each hair in Chuck Norris's beard contributes to make the world's largest DDOS.
d1zkxVsISTegGBqmO8nxug	For Charlie Sheen winning is just wishful thinking. For Chuck Norris it's a way of life.
6BNAHCYBQxGEQih2OPtK-w	Jehovah is the Hebrew word for Chuck Norris
Cq4Dwab6RiSZEZTFH-greQ	Chuck Norris once broke the sound barrier in a rowboat.
TVnSVh4SRlaYXAl4xk9UYg	In 1957 while in Elementary school Chuck Norris drew a sketch of a square apparatus with astonishing details. 50 years later, Apple used that same sketch to design and develop what we know now as... the ipad.
0bqhFyJYQeyqivdpRrgq8w	Chuck Norris killed Santa Clause, for trespassing.
d4TOM2GvRV6SCwYnOu55RQ	Chuck Norris once went fishing and roundhoused the Kraken in the face when he came back he feed his family for ten years.
fyl_wMCUQsmlv623LR7RSQ	Chuck Norris can inflate a truck tire by blowing into the stem.
YnBpV4HdQBa16sgq9jq7xQ	In order to reduce the deficit, the Republican Congress fired the Grim Reaper and hired Chuck Norris because he can kill poor people, elderly retirees, indigent children, uninsured, homeless, unemployed & ugly people quicker.
XXOEke6STfi_ZqgJZZsojw	Fanboys such as Genwunners are made when Chuck Norris is hungry for the exact part of the brain that accepts opinions.
elTTCktjSbCvBHh51otXvg	The idea for steel toe boots came from Chuck Norris' bare feet
WAG4K7JaSs-CdMmWY148HQ	Chuck Norris idolizes Tyson Guess
4ASbYkDqTwKA-JvS0ZCHGQ	Chuck Norris is a bulldozer with a beard.
eQ3KB1NjQbardvupvhmYTw	Vampires walk at night not because of the sun, but becuase Chuck Norris walks in the day.
IkYiCgWqTqaBILZvY7oVGg	When you ask Chuck Norris a question, you'd better be ready to have an answer shoved all the way up your dick hole
tfRGSx_ZSNajTMQ8Xa0AaA	Madonna was a quiet unassuming virgin before her date with Chuck Norris.
v04aFGwkRvyDfL65MsYSaQ	When Chuck Norris kills you, the government fully covers all funeral expenses, as ordered by the  UN. It is the only truly good thing they have ever done.
4FVyU4jKTBmvGIAKTNepUA	Chuck Norris doesn't have a penis, he had a 6 foot pipe.
ptR6EZwGTxmRaSEcSKVsYQ	the only thing what can beat Chuck Norris is his MOM
AhnXXp13SGegkvPqlSZmKA	Chuck Norris's beard is the eigth wonder of the world.
AQoSBgtlSwCxylHrvdm1pA	Chuck Norris likes to eat G-strings.
N_0pKeUmRM6qYi7niZ5Jnw	Depending on the circumstances, Chuck Norris will decide whether or not his farts will stink. If he chooses to have them stink, he will then also choose the percentage level of rankness appropriate for the attending audience.
NQ68GCB8TdOADmMKH-7hgA	Taxi drivers pay Chuck Norris when he gets in their cabs.
rMbDHZMPTsSguWRu-3wxfg	If anyone says any thing about will weston I will personaly pin them down whilst Chuck Norris an will put their balls in your mouth cos I am the hardest guy in the world!!!!  Gary Neville does not sleep.................. he waits.   And kills.
S_M3e69GTCe3nblmyKb1dA	Chuck Norris once did stand-up comedy in Las Vegas. The entire audience laughed themselves to death.
uIdfHDkoSyCerHte9kgcqA	Chuck Norris can blow up a balloon with both of his lips tied behind his back.
nzcohv1-QE2-FKcVw-1q0Q	Chuck Norris single-handily won a game of football by completing a 97 yard touchdown pass to himself. It was the only offensive play of the game.
g8AesKk0TUqe7um1yMgh4A	Aliens won't invade until Chuck Norris dies.
dpJm7WuhTieUrnCYdEpDRA	Its called the Chuck Norris roundhouse kick because it's delivered by Chuck Norris and when it strikes you, your head spins around and then you fly into a house.
-3CjPqg6SaKvAZBLgTp_6w	If you play Stairway to heaven backwards you hear a satanic message. If you play the theme song to Walker,Texas Ranger backwards you hear Chuck Norris kicking the Devils ass.
Knd-a62tTEuRkjTbU6F5JA	The only way to get mercy from Chuck Norris is to say his name three times in Chuckenese. Mispronouncing will only make your fate worse.
mlFL9tOST3eE-kQG41FQxQ	Chuck Norris can escape a Black Hole
8eBH4hTSRrCAV9LfLGhQsA	Aliens do exist. They're just waiting for Chuck Norris to die before they attack.
8CF3lcexR3ecvJuKy1LBCQ	Some people balance eggs on end every Spring and Fall Equinox, but Chuck Norris balances skulls.
jomxhrZtTQaJT6QhvJu5FQ	It was called Goodminton until Chuck Norris started playing.
Dt_kAHh-QpSDr0Vk5MVMHA	If you are filled with terror that Chuck Norris is still out there, somewhere, that only proves that you are still sane.
gQgNYb2xTBWmHGdjTNQ8gg	Chuck Norris doesn't use keys, he always kicks the door in.
mp6CTqimTNWQECmJoRG46g	When a cop pulls Chuck Norris over for speeding, THE COP has to explain himself to Chuck Norris.
eRflnh_6QNmUry_bXs8NeQ	Parties at the home of Chuck Norris make the ones at the Playboy Mansion seem like senior citizen afternoon teas by comparison.
U2F3hkAWQ_SzsHlzNEQeWQ	Chuck Norris silenced noise.
-0Au3lLrQPaHxNXIMTyT0Q	Chuck Norris invented smell-o-vision. But he only uses it to watch that scene in Basic Instinct.
r43suA29S7aG10UOYngO7Q	Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked a mattress for refusing to share with him.
IqM0mVMERfKwguFY57GICw	Chuck Norris remembers 9-11. He bows to the real American heroes on this day. And to America. And most importantly the families of all the fallen on that day 10 years ago. And to all the US servicemen & women who fell and to those who have served and those that continue to serve. And so do I!!!
edHHVdlpQLSZ-JcuhmYOwg	Like this fact if Chuck Norris should kill Obama Dislike this fact if Chuck Norris should roundhouse kick you.
dFY9GPyiR4muQQGrc6mjsg	Chuck Norris can run so fast, he can actually shoot an apple off of his own head
Jq4rPgtaQP2P6vVM8LWvuA	No matter where Chuck Norris is, he always gets free wifi and a full bar cell-phone reception
YSPbHS4aQXC0ibMn_H_-uQ	Strange but true: auto tune cannot improve Chuck Norris' voice or farts - he is utterly pitch perfect, or, to be more accurate, pitch perfect is Chuck Norris.
POnD0oTpRKyElydHQiUUeA	There's no coincidence that an anagram for Chuck Norris is "crush rock in"
d18DGVnwSlSPBzqEXNiIlw	A Chuck Norris chess game is impossible to make because Chuck Norris doesn't have to move from his spot to Checkmate.
LnoX1RxGS-2OnTZWAsXJRA	Chuck Norris can fly on an airplane to Maine from Hawaii in 30 seconds. he just has to tell the pilot to move over...
Dt2OwL_jTQyalijcyIuwBg	Chuck Norris once used the Grim Reaper as a Sherper up Everest but Roundhouse kicked him in the Death Zone and summitted ALONE
lMoVnArsTw2eVkf2_ejv0w	Chuck Norris REALLY went back to the future.
0mZ2zdFFQ5Kdsw75kTDXXQ	Chuck Norris completed the Tough Guy Challenge by doing nothing.
-N1i0PPRT7eUMsM3Ls4Gqg	Chuck Norris visited his local Taco Bell and ordered a platter of Alaskan King Crablegs. The Taco Bell manager was pronounced DOA at a local hospital after he was only able to provide Chuck with a single chicken fried snail a la carte.
19QZ1cdySJKrqi-EN-elVA	The munchies get Chuck Norris.
Xx8mGH23Sn2T029e3jIh9Q	Chuck Norris once shot a gun.....and it died.
iYVebOfhQ9OA-f_Dy2mizw	Chuck Norris doesn't pay attention - attention pays him.
hwv5daessqqk0n_sczyima	No statement can catch the ChuckNorrisException.
tMmKdIM4TPy3_X_EHn3X5Q	The Zohan doesn't mess with Chuck Norris.
Vmj6XGQJQpW9MgS-CnCYjA	Adonis was a total Chuck Norris.
WshCLRPeSz2uyZ6M0UDOvw	Chuck Norris once Round-House kicked a man so fast, his foot went at the speed of light, i't traveled back in time and killed the dinosaurs. Meteor? No, Chuck Norris.
zQp7bBceRfuDUv0K5lUgJA	Chuck Norris takes his temperature with a measuring spoon.
8uqZm9dvShSoZ9XjQuV9jQ	If you look up Chuck Norris in the dictionary, you will get Round house Kicked in the face, or the balls, depending on how you are holding the dictionary.
Pl6TbDPXQ0iBCZJ9AjxZJQ	Chuck Norris is such a beast that when he punches you in the face you fight the urge not to thank him
OQOYtJy6TQSObOV1t_MGtw	When Chuck Norris needs to travel by plane, he makes BA Baracus fly him.
R2paSuJgTC6FL7y9IH9U5A	A robber pulled a gun on Chuck Norris. Chuck asked him if be wanted that gun rammed down his his throat or shoved up his ass? The robber peed his pants and ran.
2SJP5e9XSiS_EDq_8RVhJg	Chuck Norris will soon open his own fried chicken restaurant chain: RKC-- Roundhouse Kickin' Chicken.
I5891e36QLKukqy5aiE1cw	Chuck Norris drinks a special protein shake made entirely from blended chimpanzee brains.
qjTlPT1aQIez8UB2CyeTPQ	Chuck Norris beet the sun at a staring contest
YhKlMIawTdW_zJTEf5uX-w	after Chuck Norris eats a large meal, he literaly burns of the caleries
nfuwYYXLR_qQXu8uUthvww	Panhandlers give Chuck Norris money.
E6PTTeleTgC_NtSmt9RLbg	Nuclear warheads are still hiding underground; even the Hydrogen bomb is afraid of chuck Norris.
DvtA7CyTR7mdpsp1twDa5w	When Chuck Norris leads a horse to water, it drinks.
iPcW8DG2TJiY7QJNalZW_A	Chuck Norris got his second speeding ticket for doing 137 MPH in his Corvette. When he was 9.
c6B9EUFnSC6igevEwyFEsw	When Chuck Norris goes fishing, he doesn't use a fishing rod. He simply points to fish and says "you, you, you, you, you, in the bucket!"
11m4u2vyriuhrpbag0w7sa	Chuck Norris eats beef jerky and craps gunpowder. Then, he uses that gunpowder to make a bullet, which he uses to kill a cow and make more beef jerky. Some people refer to this as the "Circle of Life."
Qx8f7BJaR6OEPstH_UHyNQ	Chuck Norris once went grocery shopping wearing only a flamethrower.
bwfx9l2BRXeQtmENnoByvQ	Chuck Norris threw his first paper aeroplane age 4... It landed yesterday.
JR7yMl5wSv6fntgFrGSdCQ	The New World Order reports to Chuck Norris.
jPp7zIM4Sq6DNemMlCaC4w	Chuck Norris wants to feel you on the inside.
WOvXQu8oTJKTVUzU9rJs2Q	When Chuck Norris watches Dora the Explora, Dora doesn't ask any questions.
LBpfYFjlSfSfmw4cpJS6IA	Chuck Norris can play slide guitar with a beer bottle. Or, failing that, your face.
msYgqEqhRp6RZSr8upU2GA	Gold is worth its weight in Chuck Norris
a5XTcQaDRaWwerLw_AiCtg	annoying orange is just a example what consequence can Chuck Norris do with roundhouse kick
KRkwVkuGTl6a3KmmAhszBw	Chuck Norris can make pigs fly......and tap dance on clouds
BaixKcZdQYCJrBUtLZSPuA	When Chuck Norris walks up to you, then without a word turns around, bends over, and strikes a match between his legs, know that you are about to die the most unbelievably awesome death possible.
51YtucrPTo6moA3Q6N6Gbw	Chuck Norris beleives in downsizing government! That's why he once roundhouse kicked the Octagon. Today, its known as the Pentagon.
IhnjAUC8QMCEnqyyvbXy9A	In 3rd grade , Chuck Norris wrote tthat 1+1=4 , and was instantly promoted to 8th grade.
riYUPZJESr2A76kQQ8pGPw	The Terminator has a Chuck Norris tattoo.
W5WT3AuUS8uI_S0yaOcaFQ	Miss America took Chuck Norris to his Senior Prom.
v-oznknhRNyPAsmONo-7YA	When a waiter asks Chuck Norris what he wants to drink, he responds with a roundhouse kick to the face and collecting the waiter's tears in a glass. He drinks them and then tells the waiter for ice next time.
vn0LJRiMTIC73GlwXviPfg	Chuck Norris doesn't get hangovers. He just gets pissed.
BH1-iaGqTtiXDLhVc3ePvA	Remember the Soviet Union? They decided to quit after watching a DeltaForce marathon on Satellite TV.
I7WL0lUFRaWXaKBhCUYkMg	One of the most notorious and highly sought-after unreleased albums ever made was the legendary collaboration between Chuck Norris and Michael Jackson, 'Moonwalker: Texas Ranger'.
Ki2cRkWER1mmAbYdvEm_wA	Chuck Norris can roundhouse kick your skeleton out of your body and wear your skin as a costume just before he goes on his daily five o'clock killing spree.
z8R0Ea6AT1yVz0WPLPg3Ng	Chuck Norris thinks anyone who says that violence never solved anything is probably a pussy and causing problems
zigsi5h1tx2ddexbqjarsw	The truth will set you free. Unless Chuck Norris has you, in which case, forget it buddy!
gjKYoKr-Tp-uoqk0zSC5Rw	Chuck Norris can whistle in sign language.
Uv3x-sj4SNidE21RPhzMjg	Chuck norris fly fishes for whales.
K-un3FVvQDeNqsuxNuyrRA	Chuck Norris once sniped 20 people with one round. Luckily he forgot the gun
iywomshmseclnkt0vzahfq	182,000 Americans die from Chuck Norris-related accidents every year.
Ly2mSYiNTNupJOIzplDbXw	Chuck Norris was recently bitten by a vampire. After a couple drops of Chucks blood, the vampire screamed and burst into flames.
EHHTPK6tSqmx7uLbuGCTgA	Chuck Norris went back in time, to show himself how to go back in time in case he ever needed to go back in time
cNMXS5eqReyXCC7cV7P5kQ	The universe is always expanding at a faster and faster rate, that's because it's running away Chuck Norris.
8NxvJUm1QWKexcThIY1nCw	Chuck Norris can break iron with bubbles
gqdQN9BvS1ixP6QuQJNPSQ	Chuck Norris can bake a turkey, a ham and 3 pumpkin pies, all at once inside an easy-bake oven
4DX5CwAkR3Ch0kOp0p9CnQ	A greastest achvement that you can get is when you go down niagara falls in a wodden barrole, Chuck Norris can go UP niagara falls in a cardboard box.
ZLI7IK55SIewYjU9dpclgQ	Chuck Norris can text using his walkie talkie and without batteries.
s_4oBADAQSiyw_zwS4g3BA	For Chuck Norris, post-coitus and post-mortem mean the same damn thing.
-9mvGCWxTu69iwoaLblDMA	Chuck Norris can dehydrate water.
yS4xao0rS_eU8zuN6RsIxw	Chuck norris doesnt use the force he is the force
IgHCdp1uTZyVW-QMe4-AvA	ive heard that Chuck Norris can appear and kill anyone before they can say anything negative about him whatsoever, but even i have a hard time believing that, i mean, not even Chuck Norris could....
RalB-6n3SaqtlJItW6acpA	Mario & Luigi are the result of Chuck Norris cutting Don Corleone in half with an atomic wedgy.
6eZxT4n6SRqRdCI7Z1Sfyw	Every episode of Fear Factor is based off what Chuck Norris did last weekend.
FbfEh6R0S5-nqzkVWi4F8g	When Chuck Norris opened his mouth he made dodo birds extinct.
apPDL4-RTwyvpFasdMH-9A	Only a very few people are capable of water skiing on thier barefeet. Chuck Norris can water ski on his bare face.
qXeiAssoTX6I4PHK_SMlZQ	Chuck Norris doesn't name his kids, he numbers them.
iJNkglqPSR-7zqr3z8v1zg	The closest Chuck Norris ever came to experiencing impotence was when he walked within 100 feet of a sexual dysfunction clinic.
Ye_jfZytQ7aWbVN2kM3Gtg	Chuck Norris can cut someone in half.....by just looking at you.
wrL_bWmWSiO2SNnt1_Uqog	Chuck Norris has five children whose names are: - Van Damme - Arnold Schwarzenegger - Clint Eastwood - Steven Seagal - Joe Pesci
TLLE6KE7QpiGRNDKizbCKw	Chuck Norris can ace a test by writing "Violence" for every answer, because violence is the answer.
VpBSnj_dRWOR8Hz_clGQAg	The only vegetable Chuck Norris ever ate was Christopher Reeve.
XY0pT0BWRx2NuAUzvZXf2w	Chuck Norris once rolled a 13 at the craps table.
hBXQo2u2Sxq-FQewzmJ17w	Chuck Norris humps camels, shags carpets and bones China.
qbla0NVdRBepL7zHGobFVQ	Chuck Norris can shoot you without a gun...
7RfU69UtTEiLflwPeQ5gLQ	Ice Cream Is To Afraid To Melt If Chuck Norris Is Eating It.
6tKoNz8eSban8efkdnKJrQ	Chuck Norris once went through a McDonald's drive-thru in his Harrier jet. He then came back and flattened it with rockets when he realized they forgot the fries.
lp0gi2nmTXiEi0S-WUWT4Q	Chuck Norris is FAR too sexy for Right Said Fred.
CQO24vxMQpC8zKk-TDUb6A	Chuck Norris turned down the lead role in the movie "Crank" ...said it made him look weak
dbF58gtoTDm4ChJdHtILLQ	Chuck Norris CAN eat just one Lay's potato chip
dJ0xg3GcTxy_WcEqFdrQRg	Chuck Norris can "Think Outside the Bun" at Burger King.
M6a7PqKuTNeO0tGKMkmlJg	Chuck Norris' balls make cold water shrink.
3eudvPgFQX2dYCuOIUtFpA	After consuming four gallons of Captain Morgan Rum Chuck Norris was pulled over and ask to perform a field sobriety test. He did so while standing with (L)boot on empty 1/2 gal(R)boot touching bearded ass,head tilted back,fingers touching flaming nostrils and saying the alphabet back words in 23 foregin languages...while being taserd.
cmVMXl8HQvqeSAZyGOOrLw	Darth Vader once tried to choke Chuck Norris but he won't be trying it again.
dkauV66LRmWo-ZeTRXe1nw	Chuck Norris can literally hand you your ass in a handbag. And then pull it out and kick it up between your ears.
QHx5U_sdTpCpbf4yO59miA	Once, while dining in a fancy New York restaurant, Chuck Norris discovered a fly in his soup. There were no survivors.
wjaKvUsRSR2NEq6QAEhHsg	Chuck Norris killed a fat guy with a poisened candy bar. and yes u r stupid for not thinking of that.
NOkg7NxORdynCS1y3UWXPw	Chuck Norris wins NASCAR races with all right turns.
UZCebIJnTL6AapNbWjiwhg	Tiger Woods is the Chuck Norris of golf.
2mMtMv0NTWaRikTTIotRHA	When Chuck Norris sneezes the rest of the world has 1/16th of an orgasm.
F_VK2CmlSyKpyMX2XXdgWg	Women who think about having sex with Chuck Norris develope Blue Waffle Disease.
nOA287_rSOSyIXjc9qRQew	Mother Nature and Father Time came together and made Chuck Norris, But his name wasn`t always Chuck norris because it`s latin for I WILL KICK YOUR ASS.
-2hHqKIuRhyRISXgnOqEpA	Once, while tooling around in his Delorean, Chuck Norris accidentally went 4.5 billion years into the past. Before returning to the present, he hocked a wad of phlegm out the window. And that is how all life on earth began.
hq2NogMcQwae7Xf9sG5jTg	When Chuck Norris pours milk on his rice cripsies they shut the fuck up!!!
2PH1IP5STIu58HuX9CfC_A	Chuck Norris created Snooki by punching an Oompa Loompa in the face.
2M1D7LINSIGMCF3X8yh0KA	Jesus walks on water, Chuck Norris walks on Jesus.
na2uVaI3STOMbjGFwNcYxQ	christopher reeves is the only person to survive a Chuck Norris attack
jMybWOXcTsSmugD1ra-Ujg	Chuck Norris invented pain so that he could torture people.
PgeXbL3TSCq5TXi5OTlRCw	When Chuck Norris gives you the finger, he's telling you how many seconds you have left to live.
gusqVaYoSMKnJ3KKzca3GQ	Chuck Norris doesn't pay attention, attention pays Chuck Norris.
QdEiyY4LRoqQtxdsYcuJUA	When Chuck Norris slaps your ass, you instantly have multiple orgasms.
Xnt8KedKQ4uUFhVdsZBcvA	Chuck Norris doesn't do pushups- Chuck Norris pushes the earth down!
r2rw_hduqoie8vdwnzgqaq	What was going through the minds of all of Chuck Norris' victims before they died? His shoe.
rFernCS1SIm7V81bPoZdNw	Chuck Norris can talk about Fight Club.
MV-_Ar6iScaXoF_60t23mw	Chuck Norris once lighted his fart and sent himself propelling to Neptune for an interplanetary excursion.
Gu70MzQHRWCehv5imyzyPg	Chuck Norris' bedroom has leather walls.
vHAlvCD5RIm-Z09QlbJqdQ	Chuck Norris once scored 8000 in a bowling game by using his own balls.
lyxI8DpLRS2uN-5tzvkg3Q	Chuck Norris will beat you with his nunchucks. Chuck Norris will roundhouse kick you with his Chuck Taylors. Chuck Norris will feed you to the woodchucks. Don't fuck with Chuck!!1
JMzJyv5PT8CmdC2b8QvyOQ	Chuck Norris' organ donor card also includes his beard.
SeCMmrO6SyacTp58ni71lw	Chuck Norris does not brush his teeth with a toothbrush and toothpaste. instead, he uses steel wool and hydrochloric acid.
3cWICEiqS_Kjk4k3Sq5aRQ	Chuck Norris makes Saudia Arabia sell him gasoline for 3 cents per gallon. Then at the end of each month they rebate him at the rate of $100 per gallon purchased.
655uyfEfSFWlqJkmlcp2Xg	Electronic microscope pictures of the Y chromosome are just tiny photos of Chuck Norris
kudfbz0dtlw83676r_cmea	Chuck Norris drives an ice cream truck covered in human skulls.
pkULn6xzSOCkzsDYJrYHSg	Chuck Norris once cast his fishing line into the Bearing Sea and caught a 176 lb halibut from his patio lawn chair in southern Oklahoma.
_qmoCVe-SMizHuxF7H-DKQ	Chuck Norris uses Spiderman as a hammock.
9vqrfnk0qhoainqtrwgg4w	He who lives by the sword, dies by the sword. He who lives by Chuck Norris, dies by the roundhouse kick.
XTeoZh0WSCC17NF9sjQYOA	Only Chuck Norris knows the truth about Extraterrestial life, God told him, but God also told them about Chuck which is why we never see them.
5pwwsO3rRASISZD0R1D0-w	Chuck Norris can do burnouts in a U-boat.
DciuboTEQxqEaVG0Qd2T2w	Chuck Norris flashes the peace sign a lot because it's the easiest way to go for the eyes.
8YhOu9pvQBGSsAeYto28ZQ	when Chuck Norris says &#8220;i'm cold.&#8221; the whole world goes &#8220;A&#8230;&#8230;A.....ACHOOOOOO!!!!!!!&#8221;
BIYoIvIFTAuzsJ-sGfBtQg	there is no use crying over spilled milk, unless its Chuck Norris' milk because then your gonna die
H4HxjmIuRD-KcV68CyoOMQ	Chuck Norris once pissed on an electric fence. This took down the power grid in Texas, Oklahoma, Arizona and parts of southern Utah.
o6OptkbATgyo4VV-SQgpuQ	Steel wool is harvested from Chuck Norris' crotch.
zDzmTcwJTTCuPIiqAehJMg	Chuck Norris can rob a bank with just his vocal cords.
TylvCYzaTnqAwZ731qlZVQ	One time Sylvester Stallone got into an argument with Chuck Norris over who was the best knitter. Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked him in the face. Stallone's lip hasn't been the same since.
0imTOm6-TFCnjSiurQEkHQ	Chuck Norris doesn't pedal a bike. He roundhouse-kicks one of the pedals to go a mile.
V94Atg5NT7-ZcAPmWWI86w	Jimmy Hoffa owed Chuck Norris money.
-nw3e_ierq-pnjcjp3u5da	Count from one to ten. That's how long it would take Chuck Norris to kill you...Fourty seven times.
t-fGDoDxRx6Njpy88Mi8uA	If you ever find yourself screaming Chuck Norris' name during sex, then you must send a cheque of your life savings to him and immediately commit suicide.
ud1Y20ofQfqfHvS2q8-6UQ	Brian didn't survive Chuck Norris' punch- It was only a ghost who came from undeneath the table. It's hard to tell, because Brian is already white. Gee, I wonder how that happened!
0xDGLhrnSUKxhs3gZuIAGg	Chuck Norris can count to 577 on his toes.
z6VHhgdFQDyPXlfJca_d2A	It was Chuck Norris who taught Mongo, of the "Blazing Saddles" movie fame, how to proerly light a cigar.
1TrtqPgsQ1SjrNEe94VHwA	Justin Biebers not gay, just ask his boyfriend!  Chuck Norris unrelated
5xCXDvZ1To2WkQGM3mjlPg	Casanova was a real Chuck Norris.
1l6o496MTVWKMQYDx2sydg	Chuck Norris completed COD Black opps on a broken guitar hero guitar
TGtb0NiNSC-p37WBclBMDw	Why are Jay-Z's lips so big? Chuck Norris.
HwqusB9MQcuZbfcTapSz4w	I once walked into Chuck Norris' house, he had a bear rug.It was still alive,just too afraid to get up.
5hOzJDPiRWmhyww6EpptOw	looking at Chuck Norris stare at me on this web page is scaring me
94lUlZz8QqSS1EylCaQGQQ	Chuck Norris can read the top 10 Chuck Norris facts... Without even slightly grinning.
w1ODpbIIT-qWtyNq6arA7g	All bad guys ever kicked by Chuck Norris in TV/movies immediatly died upon end of contract. Chuck Norris respects the Law.
NpKVBEZpRCOxbd7hIf_82A	Chuck Norris thinks ping-pong is a sissy game. That's why he invented Oklahoma-pong which is alot like ping-pong except it's played with a cannonball & a manhole cover.
-lIRrTwZRY2dSpSnyobA2Q	A power drill just wouldn't be... unless it had a CHUCK Norris KEY.
l8MJCQ_STZmp7zxoLWCBjA	Chuck Norris is who tells Fatcat to go to bed at 7:30 PM
nkGXiLV2SZiYZFBAblDK6g	When Super Saiyans get angry they transform into Chuck Norris.
YLh_Re6uTSOUZ7HkXLjNVQ	The Bill Of Rights was written by Chuck Norris on a used napkin and was originally called The Chuck Of Wrongs.
ebJuzTIvSfefu5xB1Or0ig	Once, Chuck Norris held a judge in contempt, while in court.
HWfT5Ar_R_2csseap4nAnw	The angel of death once had a near-Chuck Norris experience.
xiTfRJfNQbaA_-jvUtP1Lw	The atomic bomb is actually made of a contained Chuck Norris fart.
SP2lElJzQmqndBKU429IpQ	The demon in Paranormal Activity disperses powder on his door to see Chuck Norris' footprints
Atzukpp6TqezwFBPm5SfsA	The 3D Chuck Norris movie was rated RRRR because no one made it out of the theater. No one ever crosses Chuck Norris!
hRigJET1RBiUplTW2n6rpQ	Chuck Norris can burp Haiku verse in hex.
--NArcWqTCOWxWcoFa7ycg	About Chuck Norris Joke 4895... 1 CNRK is actually just tougher than 100000000000000000000000000000 angry lions.
PBod5D_CRgaH6S-bGaJA0Q	Chuck Norris' treehouse has a basement.
zsYc4kBoRUGRWhx68g2ohA	Maundy MC and Chuck norris both enjoy anal sex
V0h4AfRrQreRg36S8llNBg	When you rub Chuck Norris' testicles, he will grant you three wishes. But remember, if you're a smartass and wish for more wishes, he will promptly skin you alive.
koujbr9ms0ejs7-_mub34q	Chuck Norris knows the last digit of PI.
SXh8oSgvSSyAzPyaVoXRFw	Chuck Norris froze Medusa and bite a werewolf
Dht47af4R5-kq6-JzF-0sg	When Chuck Norris hears a Tsunami warning, he gets out his surfboard
_Sh2e-DHTh2yVAOkSXJn2g	Chuck Norris is The Stig
yghI7jeaRbq_epm1twlCKg	During the Japan Tsunami a UFO was spotted flying out of the water.Recent news report Chuck Norris piloted the object. That object was his leg.
ojw-faz_tbglq0q4sgwt8w	Chuck Norris doesn't churn butter. He roundhouse kicks the cows and the butter comes straight out.
7n-CqLwZTvK3Vs8J7Sg94A	Chuck Norris once punched Jean-Claude Van Damme in his career.
mVgp5jopTeqBihRKAyk9aQ	Chuck Norris once rode a bull for 6 hours. He then ate it raw.
dKi4dlq6SHieqfA6ZaGl0g	Question: What does LKCG stand for?  Answer: Chuck Norris
cwMFutnTRu6vpCAL1zRDnA	Chuck Norris would love to go to town on your town.
rPQGPck-QZaIpxFszuEmWA	Chuck Norris was annoyed by the noise coming from his neighbor's house. So he punched his neighbor in the throat and moved his house over four blocks.
DSNlV80mQCe3nFhBeNPpWw	When Chuck Norris dies, the world will end.
eXcx2cbzTH6YyRPLDHPPLQ	The meteor that blew up over Chelyabinsk was Chuck Norris's Valentine ejaculation to the women of Russia. It took 24 hours to get there from Lone Wolf Ranch, Texas.
cjv3azCYRXmloYdOhWc7VA	Mona Lisa was smiling that way because she knew Chuck Norris was going to sneak up behind Da Vinci and snap his neck once he finished.
Dc5jG9wcT2mbkY5RS6Q9Rw	Chuck Norris has a do called round house
xmlRTG6BRYmkiGRGd2gAdQ	In 18th century England, Chuck Norris was considered an urbane and cultured Norristocrat.
IfN3N7cXS5WDq2RHuitxBg	Chuck Norris' penis is so massive that kids lose baseballs and frisbees on it
LPilIudjQdayxTMPQJu_Mg	Terrorist once tried hijaking Chuck Norris's privat jet. Instead what happened was the world record broken for farthest boot up somebody's ass.
Tk5GzQ81RxyDoq1C0dJJXg	A grizzly bear shattered all its teeth when it bit Chuck Norris in the ass. A merciful Chuck Norris then lovingless fed the toothless grizzly 3 gallons of prueed salmon before ripping its gallbladder out through its asshole.
mvnRCqV-Q6S44_GMAAMLtw	If you ask Chuck Norris, 'what's the sound of one hand clapping?', he will promptly pimp-slap you.
TyV_UD1rSaGlopLUnfvKCQ	Many a class 5 Oklahoma tornado were started when Chuck Norris was preparing to lasso a steer.
eOW3joW5R1aO6QTnlks7BA	Odin, king of the viking gods, hung himself for 9 days and survived. Chuck Norris has made fun of him ever since for being a pussy and not going longer.
f4CnidMVS0-jK8TX8-qflg	Chuck Norris uses beef jerky as nunchucks.
-llU2p3qRmmJZBO8WIg94A	In the year 1873, the then world super power Albertania waged a war against Chuck Norris. No one has heard about Albertania ever since.
GfTqByv2R0GPvWgGxORoYw	Not only can Chuck Norris build a snowman out of rain, he can also drown a fish.
2WgPbV4LRIqHR_QkfTPsEQ	why isnt pisa straight up? i think it is Chuck Norris who....
1UmnWAGlQlu7wjDIamdMfw	Donkey Kong is Chuck Norris' dog.
aHdJbcshSTyaL-RxS1Euhw	Chuck Norris once had a staring contest with a picture of himself and won.
Zcn757b4S0-0U-yg4mPtug	One time while hunting deer, Chuck Norris made a kill shot from 300 yards. No big deal u say? his weapon of choice was a squirt gun.
yclUSwBeS4S6fLLQqep_Ag	Chuck Norris couldn't find any of BobW entries on any of the first 25 pages of the "Popular Chuck Norris Facts" listings. Hmmmmm
b6gbz95fSMaz5BnvwClIUw	The only reason why the terrorist bombed the twin towers and the pentagon was because they thought Chuck Norris was in one of them. Now we got some of their countries because he roundhouse kicked most of them.
yM1IHwkzQce54Pfq1zemlg	There are 5 rules that can be applied to almost every Chuck Norris movie. Rule 1: Chuck Norris never reloads Rule 2: Chuck Norris always hits first  Rule 3: You can't run or hide from Chuck Norris Rule 4: Everything he touches becomes a weapon Rule 5: Chuck Norris never miss his targets
-mSK9uCdTBCUYqKAQUtzCw	Despite popular belief God didn't rest on the seventh day...He created Chuck Norris!
gjcQh7iyQSuAhSNAIBk1uw	If a fishes see Chuck Norris swim , they usally drown in fear.
dBOAMouaQBOczboZqRd2hg	Chuck Norris' daughter is 37 and still a virgin. There's not a man alive that wants Chuck to find out he screwed Chucks daughter.
FZ7IiXGZS36S71jTYmCz-g	Chuck Norris never forgets an elephant.
7DOcw-oETQCXGVUidnj3mg	Chuck Norris has never made the same mistake twice because if he made a mistake and didn't actually kill you the first time, he'll go back in time and actually kill you 2 minutes before he tried to the first time.
syC1h9AERAKs6UdSEEyKCA	Chuck Norris made the Kessel Run in less than 12 parsecs.
8nHAZQt_S8imrmjUjVPq-A	Chuck Norris can play halo on ps3  Chuck Norris can play infamous on xbox 360
0MQbfP3PTBC2TvsL_C0w4A	Little known fact: Chuck Norris is rumored to have been the original choice to play evil Cobra Kai sensei John Kreese in The Karate Kid. Presumably he turned the role down because, realistically, no student trained by Chuck Norris could ever possibly lose a match.
xkSTD3EdQcOXh_1nWUzZOg	God help any Chuck Norris impersonator
hGvSRdGaRUWdn_52LSuENQ	The cookie crumbled because Chuck Norris glanced at it
klqeCSKLQZu7VFPnnRITIA	When nine hundred number operators get lonely at night, they call Chuck Norris.
reo41iwasygr5trac08e9g	Chuck Norris is the ultimate mutex, all threads fear him.
DDlwxNGOS3eJnQPtcEAWjQ	God breathed life into Adam. Chuck Norris sneezed life into God.
nfti-7dDR_uwETbHar_azQ	Think Green...Think Chuck Norris!
r-KTBUQYTjKllCxkrI47yQ	Chuck Norris' first roundhouse kick ever is now known as The Big Bang.
Z2aquqAFRwSYyjhuEJcbsg	Chuck Norris died ten years ago; however, death doesn't have guts to tell him.
Uo20LaVpSe6P9i91H0jp6g	Chuck Norris makes golf a full-contact sport.
GSFpw9rQRa-TBZq5Sfi3Ew	Santa Claus skipped Chuck Norris' house ONCE.... When Santa arrived back at the North Pole Mrs Clause was pregnant with Chuck's baby.
qamhhyket_a5iq8by3l4vw	As President Roosevelt said: "We have nothing to fear but fear itself. And Chuck Norris."
d05jN7c4REiddoyMjIkW2Q	macgyver can make a plane with only a paper clip and a shoe string not to be out done Chuck Norris made a jet fighter plane out of macgyver.
9_76eIk4QDODM6_Id1nEqw	If Chuck Norris had starred in 'American Sniper' as originally planned, you wouldn't have heard shit about it from any pussy-ass liberal.
TTwPUQ16RpWk45JvUCmRRg	You'll never grasp the true form of Chuck Norris' attack.
huCIoleyRfO9PsQcA0b5ug	Chuck Norris is the only man alive that can fly a helicopter up-side-down. He uses it to trim his shrubs.
CgYcUEA-TlKG1KsaIjQdPA	Chuck Norris really wants to hurt Boy George.
sth4SylTQkeUSF273sSw7A	Chuck Norris plays badminton using a manhole cover for a racket and a dead ostrich as a birdie.
XSQC3DYyR7yR-fyhYWdNcw	Chuck Norris uses a Gatling gun as an egg whisk.
7TckUVufRrWihDzRFZ3oTQ	If a mosquito sucks Chuck Norris' blood, Chuck Norris eats the mosquito...so he can take back whats his.
n8JVhyw8STudKZKCWAchig	Chuck Norris can solve a paradox.
ODVOngJ1Tb6Kb-Q-TxBsCQ	Recently, a car salesman told Chuck Norris he needed to go green and drive a Toyota Prius. Chuck kicked the Prius across the parking lot then drove off in his Humvee.
Uhx2yL2oQQapYnViIZJIuw	Chuck Norris doesn't have a cutlery drawer. He has a kitchen arsenal.
L8R5ayW0Qc6D8rcdJVtP5g	if you punch a brick wall you will never win. but if Chuck Norris punches one he wins every time!
_g5WMNPuStWHYhx2C8wRNg	Chuck Norris was at a bar when a drunken guy called him a pussy. Chuck punched him so hard his kidneys shut down.
6Ay8GY1jSKy5bWcVOQ-OHg	Chuck Norris' calendar always has February 29th. Nothing skips Chuck Norris, not even time.
e6smRLkNQzi4chomDPe2Zw	When Chuck Norris was 8, he had to have his dad pick him up from school. Chucks car had broken down and was in the shop for repairs.
nDKcohC8TqyN3ifdi0lNxQ	No one truly knows who's Chuck Norris' real father. No one is biologically strong enough for this. He must've conceived himself.
W0WciFjUQKKCm5DzzeTWjA	Chuck Norris likes to keep his lawn growing tall and thick so that whenever he has unwanted visitors, he can slip out of his house unnoticed and stalk them like prey. He then jumps toward them like a magnificent lion of the African plains and delivers a fatal roundhouse kick to their face.
Ds-thpGLQtOqNF9iZsyBvg	Since 1972, the funeral home industry has given Chuck Norris 1% of their net profit as a gesture of thanks. That "thank you" amount hit $100 billion last year.
yjJMu6nBRGW0Gfad6mh5Gg	Chuck Norris gifted Chuck Berry the gift of the music form commonly known today as rock n roll.
CFnVvnenQJOUHwSiYArRDw	Chuck Norris can give you the middle finger with his pinky
f-bL2jE3R6ypdmHHCun9Ow	The last time Chuck Norris went ice fishing, he caught an igloo and a small glacier.
j568s-oFSlqJToKQ7bUCJQ	Heard of a love triangle? Chuck Norris is currently involved in several love octagons.
dYpGGHW5QiSauQHJixYOvA	Chuck Norris could tell you his secret, but theres 1 requirement. You must die.
fScifL2FRfmGEgh3yHVClg	Chuck Norris had a bit of a mean streak, even as a child. He regularly enjoyed scaring his pet Grizzly Bear.
vuAS3JmqQW6-7SKeUxf2lA	When Chuck Norris plays Monopoly, he never has to go to Jail, not pass Go and not collect $200.
EOREHmOySoGR2k8J9iBvEQ	Tornados jump into a root cellar when they see Chuck Norris approaching.
3DTt0gF4REudTCtqTXPBpw	"He protects woman, and kills enemies. We should all be like Chuck Norris" - Israli Officer
6AOA97U7SVOkKRMkExmRyQ	I used to think Chuck Norris was a great guy, then he had sex with my wife, now I think he is amazing!
YIUEuYjTS8mEmfwhDLE3sw	Chuck Norris has been meaning to get a penis reduction for years now, but his pride won't allow him to accept the countless invitations from limping, bow-legged women to pay for the procedure.
Po3KcO2oSCSJ0K39MZrLXQ	The high tide occurs when Chuck Norris flies over the beach. the rising water is where god pees his pants
3BhClW6pQ1-WLcSL-fmB4Q	Chuck Norris CAN eat only one Lays Potato Chip.
nzf46249t8cf7wgz3rf_rg	Chuck Norris doesn't have disk latency because the hard drive knows to hurry the hell up.
RJoRmSZDQEqBkzpiIRz49A	Chuck Norris can smell in 3-D.
Hd5_vYnUR0S1nlkWIrU2NQ	When Chuck Norris enjoys some spare time from kicking ass he sits in his tool shed whacking off.
6m75aESHT3eF7jIz7NzTJA	Chuck Norris didnt audition for walker texas ranger he made da producers audition to film his life
sZJT_-ERTSejyBA8WiBf1Q	'The Hurt Locker' is also the name of where Chuck Norris used to keep his homework, gym shorts, and assorted students and teachers he didn't like.
_HtxY5CASVWgzZ87hczIKg	The original title of walking dead was zombie and human vs. chuck Norris.the reason it ended was because it was 1 episode and 12 seconds long
mbWbKoWNRc24HNXQIt9ubA	Chuck Norris chooses not to compete in an Ironman because of the swim, every time he starts kicking and swinging his arms, people die!
5D6ilY48Q8yoE4_ch_U8Dw	The Honey Badger (most fearless animal in the Guinness Book of World Records) checks under its bed&#65279; every night for Chuck Norris.
FfPrkpANTrONb8XA0iN-LQ	Chuck Norris taught Albert Einstein e=mc^2
Iv3pPvRdQJ-2nrvHIBIDhw	If you can read this, You are within range of Chuck Norris.
l0nEg2KGRlyqyez92HBHFg	King Canute failed when he tried to make the ocean waves obey him. Chuck Norris succeeded.
ztULFv21SDyoWxeD3gxUhw	When you ask Chuck Norris for directions, he'll give you a roundhouse-kick to the face and you'll land exactly where you need to be.
6n17og8kt4e2bae8a4v7zq	Chuck Norris once sued Burger King after they refused to put razor wire in his Whopper Jr, insisting that that actually is "his" way.
tAm70766TNCO_7jJKAeY9Q	the situation didn't name himself,chuck Norris roundhouses him and made him have a situation
gBnR1deFRDKv588jV8ZXIw	By the time I finished writing this joke, Chuck Norris had advanced from being a 6132-degree black belt to a 7834-degree black belt. By the way, this joke took me 1 minute to write.
ag_6paerrkg-mxfjjqw4ba	Chuck Norris's beard can type 140 wpm.
wwd7jh4srhcv4sztmohvdq	Chuck Norris can lead a horse to water AND make it drink.
8HcWO13GTUelmODDH3iFYg	Chuck Norris won 'Jumanji' without ever saying the word. He simply beat the living shit out of everything that was thrown at him, and the game forfeited.
x16PygzLTdaLhGYI7HMngw	Chuck Norris is a master of the ancient art of Feng Shui. He will without warning walk into your house, destroy all your furniture, choke you to death, then bill your family.
ldq6_b4mslm489drbfmd9q	Since 1940, the year Chuck Norris was born, roundhouse kick related deaths have increased 13,000 percent.
9L8igzTRTHGEeb1wfye_GA	If you look up the term Ass Kicker in the dictionary, there will be a picture of nothing--because it's a fucking dictionary, they don't have pictures--but the page will smell a little bit like Chuck Norris.
sudkgw_tr_ejehjag7cqwq	The opening scene of the movie "Saving Private Ryan" is loosely based on games of dodgeball Chuck Norris played in second grade.
dx7rkAryRFGwMZWdamvZEQ	Chuck lives forever - You really want to know what happened to the dinosaurs? One of them made fun of Chuck Norris's 'stache.
x1tB-t0lRxi1D6qDWa6I1w	Chuck Norris once had a wrestling match with a condom. The condom tapped out.
oD2xlDq7TZ26TiKLGmgEHw	Chuck Norris could literally mop the floor with your face. He could also vaccum his car out with your digestive tract. And disinfect his toilet with your soul.
-B2MyLkPS-m3Go-gYSyigQ	Chuck Norris created a mountain so heavy he could not lift it........ Then lifted it just to show who the fuck Chuck Norris is.
8mfhofo9Q_23awLB23rIig	Only snails and garden slugs produce more lovemaking slime than Chuck Norris.
Go4x_vWwSCKJ7--fclIR8Q	Chuck Norris wouldn't touch you with a barge-pole. He will impale you with it.
LEsNukieSTarF7QOEA_pQw	Chuck Norris once took his pants off in a Thanksgiving Day parade. All the horses wept. Male and female.
wSQL843gR7GVFVYnRO4ZwQ	Chuck Norris knows 10 different ways to spell Bob
RPVWYzLySH277dwK-Se3PQ	Chuck Norris is allowed to draw pictures of Mohammad
6-odPmLRSCOh9ja71Lq8og	Chuck Norris doesn't need portals in the video game Portal.
edR26UHMQnqzF1mlve2u5g	JFK was not assassinated. Instead, Chuck Norris went back in time just as Oswald fired a bullet from his rifle, which was deflected by his beard. Kennedy's head exploded from sheer amazement.
Ajo2ltf3SeyqGhiS0zhlaw	Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks the snot out elephants & hangs them on the ceiling for birthday party decorations.
T5TyEOIDQnuzdA7KwFOn5g	Chuck Norris' cut his own ambilical cord. (;
XfTC9rAGS_GbP9OynxTbhQ	Chuck Norris once beat up Godzilla for lunch money
aphkcym-qwkufshgbz4feg	"Sweating bullets" is literally what happens when Chuck Norris gets too hot.
KggnCQKXThGV0okziaK6fA	Chuck Norris once had a nightmare. For breakfast.
ave-cdenq1qwid9xpf1k8g	Chuck Norris was the orginal sculptor of Mount Rushmore. He completed the entire project using only a bottle opener and a drywall trowel.
8QB05_CqTMmLDisek-0p9w	Chuck Norris irons his trousers with them still on.
6Y3FJeKsRwCThVrm44zcgQ	Chuck Norris dosent say hi he says bye
OBKtW7UYRD-QzM5sbt-Zng	Every time Chuck Norris kills somebody, Danny Trejo gets another pockmark.
atPPlY-ESRC7JhTm4GH1RQ	When Chuck Norris asks for change for a penny, he always gets it.
bS8fHjpWRb6kfK0V5alMmg	Chuck Norris Plays paintball with Al Qaeda.
2xDdcxb3S-aotMYF3B81tw	Spongebob is Chuck Norris' old lufa.
MID-yF35RBiRRvCjssY3zQ	A door to door salesman interrupted Chuck Norris during his steak dinner. Chuck punched him in the brain.
ZLjx16S0TKm_cjJYOHeSpw	when Chuck Norris plays madden 2012 he plays on all-chuck
aNyW_uFQTgmlN8BshQbK2A	What are you thinking about right now?  Chuck Norris says you're thinking about a teddy bear riding a unicycle. If you aren't, your last and shortly upcoming sight will be a GRIZZLY bear riding a MOTORcycle, which is one of the weaker pets of Chuck Norris.
GHWkisFaQ8-8jgVBe-jSsA	Justice is blind due to excessive masturbation over Chuck Norris' rugged good looks
RO-SyV43Q0GAr0X_6RPzMA	Chuck Norris never lets pussy get away from him.
qda9iJvoRS2gfTYNL-8ntw	Chuck Norris can rescue you from a fate worse than death - not being violently killed by Chuck Norris.
Kx8wi1wpR-m6f0U3hncnSQ	Chuck Norris once killed a T-rex With A lion
qptuaBIhToiJgISgzgH6Tg	Chuck Norris farted once... and then there was the great Rift Valley
GVwsubKOR6S2wHANtnL13w	Why are there so many "Rocky" films? Because Rocky was smart enough NOT to fight Chuck Norris in any of them.
frz6YFYzSa-1YUbjyFN_Pw	Chuck Norris is BLACK...thats it
Wn3Ni8D2QzScWm2Qk6IKbg	Chuck Norris drinks his martini stirred, not shaken
PxZCUWYrS-2p0j26dw_Stg	The REAL reason why Hitler killed himself was because he found out that Chuck Norris is Jewish.
AcnhcT0nS_2M1Wes48rYJg	Chuck Norris can make gold from bear shit.
-4cJBd-ITDihiEKhOFZ0Gw	The bible was originally tittled "Chuck Norris and Freinds."
RjbTEK-KSmqQGzzl8VuWtA	Chuck Norris was hunting bears when his rifle jammed. Faced with a charging Grizzly, Chuck grabbed a rubber band from his pocket and strangled the bear.
6ZeAuqASSwq9equlfBJY9w	Chuck Norris is the reason why Nina Needs to Go!
eIJ3jOgfSEapt58F2UsbmA	Chuck Norris can see the color beningiorer. And you haven't even heard about it.
tPiFmBHMQlGCEisuDjRtpw	Before the Wright brothers made the first airplane, Chuck Norris had already invented the rocket and flown to Pluto, where he lived for 20 years.........naked
QGabBMfNQBuDYwjGf_W1wQ	Chuck Norris uses his tongue can sniff out snakes. His tongue can also strangle a snake. He uses his beard to fillet the snake into bite size pieces and mixes it in with bananas to top off his bowl of Post Toasties.
Yf3aq8BRSQmL9NBwWPoFqA	Chuck Norris is the reason ninjas like to be unseen.
EnwdF9OfRN6w-V3-0ln0pg	Chuck Norris has erotic three-ways with life and death on a daily basis
ofpXhs30TzeIP06k9ioAYA	Everybody wears Superman pijamas. Superman wears Chuck Norris pijamas.
Z7ItfmPVQiCPPwQAQ0CYQQ	The big bang theory: Chuck Norris winning a arm wrestle with godd
edQMfYsxQMW1_ScV4yFUBg	Before Chuck Norris came along, pitbulls were lap dogs.
XvADuH5qTZerIZOeSQ-Wdw	Chuck Norris assults your senses with a crowbar.
n1IlaSvCT0eE3Z-f_Qfb2Q	If you ever hear that Chuck Norris has died, it's not true. He just went to heaven to show God how it's done. i.e. create the world in 2 days cos' he has better shit to do.
iX0RZnEwRbaNfZp3d4Uh0w	Everybody hurts, sometimes... everyone except Chuck Norris.
hApddWwoQA2_fm7fmPp2QA	Argentina uses Chuck Norris' shit as currency.
dNpMSCu3QY68cXkFwqRdYw	When Chuck Norris does ab crunches, his abs actually crunch.
gcLofSWNSO-S0j1tU2gtoA	Chuck norris once played golf with tiger woods and beat him! Not i golf though, he just beat tiger over the head mercilessly with his own sand wedge till he surrendered.
Y_Y-ZuArQ76ljMz07scd-w	Chuck Norris can see you, even when he cant.
19F2caetTp6XAC1PjDNjgQ	Chuck Norris once drove to Hawaii and back. Yeah, drove.
8L-h876rRCax_JDss_Hscg	The original title for Big Hero 6 was Big Chuck Norris 6. The movie was cancelled after going into production becuase nobody would pay 13 dollars to see a 28 second-long movie.
QuqW5iRjTCisXJvu8F4vmA	Chuck Norris' penis can shoot like a AR-15. well damn i wish i had 1 of those penises.
ZparMV4QQ0e47-kU72lunw	Scientists theorize that surviving a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick would be worse than dying from it. Unfortunately no-one has survived one to confirm this theory.
PzqU8E2xSPOlbEcVoh_pEw	The police routinely question Chuck Norris just because they find him interesting.
xj1dYw-wTl2a844wMjw30w	Jimmy crack corn, so Chuck Norris cracked his neck.
VzP64l7zQyWNwvdb_tisbg	acid rain happens when CHUCK NORRIS piss
-kgp9OlqSRqEQvB9OdTAYQ	wil murphy slapped Chuck Norris
Gg-KPU6qTgqlS7Mpk2feFg	Camels have a hump because Chuck Norris needed a place to store his kills.
0rLqrVMVTbuMkWF1urzQUQ	Whoever said "only the good die young" was probably in Chuck Norris's kindergarten class.
j9hHcjUSSaW9ULxG_wWJTw	Throughout the '80s and '90s, Chuck Norris scorched a pretty wide canyon in the lush and ample landscape of Southern California pussy. Basically, if you know a woman who was between the ages of 16 and 80 and living within a 30-mile radius of L.A. between 1981 and 1999, it's a mathematical certainty she tried to fuck Chuck Norris at least once.
0u_C9RdbQAyD9CYeFREO7A	Chuck Norris can swallow a bannana and make you look gay.
aOpOcNvLRBm_OtSUycmDlA	Chuck Norris is the problem to all the answers to your problems!
hiBPrzzDQtG1boAZ2eJ6JA	If Chuck Norris roundhouse kick Bruce banner he would not get angry, he would be cured and never again will transform in the hulk, cause Chuck Norris kicks have healing properties. Either you get cured or die
VTzyYzPpQ8uNV-NzMfR4DA	If you see Chuck Norris doing anything illegal, it's best not to day or do anything about it.
LNCk6nkzSGGBG1yyXIyLLA	Scientists in Washington have recently conceded that, if there were a nuclear war, all that would remain are cockroaches and Chuck Norris.
5QfcNnoATqq0JvgewpRr5Q	Humans believe in GOD.GOd believes in DEATH.DEATH believes in CHUCK NORRIS
qd6wpqqyrhilhm1qnq24vq	There is no theory of evolution, just a list of creatures Chuck Norris allows to live.
2SyKQzOkRKWbPEGpbPdq0Q	There was once life on Mars. Except they made fun of Chuck Norris. What happened next was a mass extinction.
guw_g8CPSo6ZE9wB_tITHw	Every time Chuck Norris flatulates, an albino condor fledges.
je5Hr3lfQTyvZZfvdoXudw	On his first day at boot camp, young Chuck Norris was told by the drill sergeant to 'drop and give me twenty'. Naturally, Chuck roundhouse-kicked the asshole into the next state and was promoted to general later that day.
UIHNQcFCQI27rfmqceQzAA	Chuck Norris can sit in a chair, pull up on the sides, and lift himself off the ground.
nce0cyadrsoi_ehzprhhlg	When Chuck Norris goes to donate blood, he declines the syringe, and instead requests a hand gun and a bucket.
l7Op4TbKSK-rj_5CHRxHmQ	Chuck Norris lit a ciggerate with an ice cube
mDB0bXSeTqCUr6fdS3c-lQ	Chuck Norris unclogs his toilet with a backhoe.
V5FL1nQ_RKywqvY6J7eDgQ	Chuck Norris is what ancient Greeks used to protect their mazes.
sLLscIxISummfHHjLn5ecw	An unarmed Chuck Norris was once surrounded by 10,000 heavily armed VietCong.  They immediately surrendered, knowing they never had a chance in hell to survive a battle against Chuck.
pzjmwgearni18qa9ednlrg	Chuck Norris runs on batteries. Specifically, Die Hards.
LgsQpafdQquPl5E9erQkVw	Chuck Norris went on a hike up mount st helens on may 18 1980. then he had to take a dump...
bxQOfvHCQS2l85PkTq3pCA	Boots cost Chuck Norris a fortune! He keeps losing them up people's asses!
2xu_v70wQlSz7bbQ6Fd_PQ	The customer is always right...except when Chuck Norris owns the business.
zrhhGJrGTFSsSHBTozRmvA	Chuck Norris invented Gumby by repeatedly bitch slapping Sean Hannity with Rush Limbaugh's nut sack.
2NEz1W5xTp-fSBeI38zojw	If Chuck Norris rammed his boot up your ass, all three of us would be tickled!
LohSg2a0RfisY4Lk5I5ZLQ	Chuck Norris can roundhouse kick you in such a way that you become incapable of dying, and just do a little worse every day.
gnRIdaF_QqyrE0G-GdCuWA	Chuck Norris will not be printed on money; no one pays out Chuck Norris. Ever.
8nDD0qUqSYm-ewokhELg7A	the only reason Mexican cartel doesn't come to united states is bacause they're afraid of Chuck Norris.
-j_jS99eTIi7hrDpRQ9qLw	Chuck Norris is forbidden from competing in paintball games... for very fucking obvious reasons.
KhFIrWOlQUq0uLk8KlTS8Q	The rotation of the Earth was actually started by a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick.
zSuDyeBLSg6nqCaIV_dmJQ	Chuck Norris is my godfather. As he is yours.
Gp9VFhPJQP6tCb9Wh_NGqg	It is impossible to beat Chuck Norris in rock, paper, scissors since his roundhouse kick beats all. Yes, even the bomb.
2IeycH4uTTCR0Qwvx29khw	Chuck Norris invented dark matter to fool scientists!
hDEEGiVmQGCiuXt2EbnYMw	Chuck Norris loans money back to his creditors at 6.87% (apr) above his borrowing rate from them. They then loan that money to the U.S. Gov't at a hansome profit. Then the lending banks file bankrupcy and the U.S. Gov't borrows money from China to bailout the U.S banks and China borrows money from Chuck Norris to loan to the U.S. Gov't. This is the world economy 2012. Confusing ain't it?
Bp3IybDbT-eFP8LRvQtBcQ	Chuck Norris won't let a female doctor tell him the results of a blood test unless she's at least an 8 and it's in Morse code with Kegel exercises.
9Uv4A1dMT0iXMhzPzwDcLg	Aliens have been abducted by Chuck Norris.
lq_CyNeWSCqAq4BXnbFjJw	Chuck Norris always beats the meat when he goes to a restaurant.
54Am9vbYSVKNrlTzsKXJ9g	Chuck Norris uses waffle-makers as foot spas.
qtyAtlFtSdeEvMnsImw1MA	Chuck Norris eats water.
GFOptAxyS9ODtQ2Egq1Vxw	Before Chuck Norris had his way with her, Lady Gaga had the dress sense of a librarian.
QBQbNB5ZTjy25KJ3KYxy3w	Chuck Norris can parallel park a tank.
EBBszK_ZT0SL38gxbvVHJA	Bono cant find what he is looking for because Chuck Norris found it first
7eSA5JuyQmCZeFRNTUtklQ	If Chuck Norris were the king of Camelot he would be the master of the nights of the roundhouse.
fqdYQm-ySaCoWUXrzfVBzQ	Chuck Norris has a job. His job is to roundhouse kick people. He gets a million dollars if he does. then hes done.
_yq0MGFiRPSDdxZ8dnWrUQ	Chuck Norris doesn't need money, his beard is accepted currency in over 30000 countries.
jmwk-tYbSlG6i1LQtfZIYA	Chuck Norris can win a staring contest with a statue.
0O1XJ7RMR_iTaNB5fcMV4g	Chuck Norris was about to send an email when he realized it'd be faster to run. "
2naJmMEeRwayzsYJbMk7VQ	On May 3, 1999, Chuck Norris was looking on a map for the quickest route to Oklahoma City and drew a path across Moore, OK with his finger. Moore was destroyed. He did it again on May 20, 2013.
D3t03ZD7TTeEdBf1zavyNg	If Chuck Norris were to put notches on his bedpost, the bed would collapse within two months.
UeIMN6D4Rpy5vz8Fe7SVIw	Chuck Norris dung glows in the dark and emits a barely audible hum.
Tu_TB_5TQjyU0EdAE2P0Nw	Chuck Norris is personally responsible for global warming, but it seems no one can convince him to go on a diet who actually lived to tell us if he would consider lightening his daily intake of barbecued rattlesnakes and beans.
S6DSSNNQTE-o9hn01CGvCA	Chuck Norris invented black, in fact,, he invented every color except for pink. Tom Cruise invented pink
ry_lRF-7THqQ0ew_eBdHTw	Chuck Norris shits Lava
NJf3sVsPTL-LpwC7KyRRCQ	If you woke up on Christmas morning to find gifts, you were on Santa's "Nice" list...and Chuck Norris's "Do Not Kill Yet" list.
TvRAxD67THSoVZBvrXpWog	Chuck Norris does not leave tips. Waitresses pay Chuck for the privilege of serving him.
9TU7k-OpTN6Sk5vSrcxYYA	There is only way to determine if Chuck Norris likes you- Are you still alive to read this?
cy-zudhcqlmsenzwarfsdg	Chuck Norris does not teabag the ladies. He potato-sacks them.
HQDY4871Q_mhOZgVLHZXHQ	"The Bride of Chucky" might be a scary movie. But "The Beard of Chuck" is even scarier... Chuck Norris FTW......
4tJkNVXPSUqvBn4bxl9D7w	Chuck Norris' first name is The.
HauosWpoQcy8PoKSEjvtIg	When Chuck Norris Sleeps his nightmares become reality for all the world to see. Fortunately he never sleeps....ever.
gI3nTdT2Sf-V6W06VugkOg	Chuck Norris taught Helen Keller how to paint nature scenes in 4D.
niPtrtP_RYq8wNBmS_XENQ	What happens when the unstoppable force meets the immovable object? This is a trick question, for there can never be two of Chuck Norris.
0nTWbqgBRhSXoVyLYL8ZEg	If you ever dare speak aloud the blasphemy 'chickidee china, de chinese Chuck Norris', you will burst into flames.
Yytxg7Y4Q12o2PqSN3xXeg	If Chuck Norris had a penny for each roundhouse kick he delivered, the world supply of iron would have been long gone.
9YfnG5oATz2aZdsAciHt6g	Chuck Norris does not mow his lawn. He simply stares at the grass and dares it to grow
3qr6hlt6rouy2t2jtlnzzw	The Great Wall of China was originally created to keep Chuck Norris out. It failed miserably.
sb_WbwyRQJOtr4cmPgQQ9Q	Chuck Norris knows when you're sleeping, Chuck Norris knows when you're awake, Chuck Norris knows if you've been bad or good, So be good, or your life he'll take.
G2bgkm0HQvW_dwy-HxTJww	It is said that, on average, men think about sex every seven seconds. That average is based solely on Chuck Norris.
cl3w4BKSTDqVE5KUP1zmLQ	Some people thought the Loch Ness Monster was a plesiosaur, others an eel. Chuck Norris thought it tasted like chicken.
Pl33GaIcQ3aTcsQ_4RU4LQ	Chuck Norris designed the first Ed Hardy shirt when he ran out of douchebags to kill.
KxyjOoJHRRWwlK9CLF_IdA	Remember when I said Chuck Norris was slower than Sonic. I lied. Their top speed is equal.
1-5l_oITSEiKFLrn3C4gzA	As a rule, on weekdays, Chuck Norris eats lunch at Home Depot. That's why his farts smell like rusty roofing nails soaked in turpentine.
wIDLSjOORyCEq5HvJjjliQ	Chuck Norris once allowed a man shoot an apple off his head at 20 paces with a 12 gauge shotgun. He was unharmed of course.
BqPbgNF_Rjykmk6mHUv_4A	Chuck Norris once made it to the Super Bowl. He beat the Steelers 450 to -60
gV3Jto3qTv-E4gprqfmccw	Hi i'm gay an Chuck Norris owns my ass. i make greasy anal sex with johnson and mr westwood!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yyc7bixlQXCbmZyugPpeag	once a cobra bit Chuck Norris, after 5 days of pain the cobra died.
NNEwvkeuQHqJo_tQqOUY8g	Chuck Norris would love to bring your daughter to the slaughter.
nw2GQUJdQqGul-i6rgfeCw	Chuck Norris picks his nose with a toilet bowl plunger.
M0dgZbXzTlCm5TV1teOZ6g	Chuck Norris doesn't give you the willies. He simply gives you The Willy.
OQ-tgKcLTQydDL750v1oXA	Chuck norris guides MAPS where to go!
RpZI0mY4S2ez9v-W5ndCdw	Once King leoniduos and his 300 retreated when Chuck Norris came to battle.
QJga3IBITzq9J0M7xGcaMg	Chuck Norris can make a whistle whistle
IqZFykfiRu2UhKDMxN1BKg	Trying to get the drop on Chuck Norris is like trying to put toothpaste back in the tube.
BUmvu__NSX2mivfyYCXTpw	God help the man who disagrees with Chuck Norris. Or not, because God's afraid of him, too.
M0sDb8qbRBKE_SD1dbmFMw	Chuck Norris can in fact push a shopping cart upside down and still fill it full of groceries.
yxv1vDU2SNSrGjAKSfBRsA	Chuck Norris Invented Cars so that you can get away from Chuck Norris..... Too bad that cars arent fast enough...us
k1YTICGHTYqHDQmfIJEtvA	when Chuck Norris saw god it was like looking in the mirror
JLukAU3CQkaRCctIVE7tPA	Chuck Norris was born right when Germany started losing World War 2. COINCIDENCE?!!!!!!!!!
jtibnb-mtuyluzqrwtodzw	Chuck Norris can divide by zero.
50Fl9NN3RLqSInYQVTR15g	Chuck Norris can make a hockey puck dissolve in his mouth in less than 15 seconds.
SG3xo1VBTO6PWsJCNoUtGg	None of the world's greatest chess grandmasters will any longer play against Chuck Norris because he always Checkmates them on his first move.
HTADnBOdTY6KW33LpqVwLg	Chuck Norris once tried to wear glasses, the result was him seing his back.
XncQp1fvRvOULuUL-MPFQQ	John Wayne's tombstone reads "In loving memory of Chuck Norris."
-JqN6AzxQGuKv0C0eI-xew	Chuck Norris is made of 94% perspiration, 4% electricity and 2% butterscotch ripple.
oJgNTuZ5SgWP94mlnZ1ksg	gravity is not curvedness of scace and time.its just a Chuck Norris chasing texas badass dudes
aOQJwsmoRVaG7xyLubV3Lw	the moon has craters on it cos once Chuck Norris had sex with it and gave it syphilis - and small pox
Q810tp5CStysNz74exe99Q	Chuck Norris round housed a NFL replacement ref, and the others begged the real refs to come back
9AZ_UGAvQsukt-xV9yGtug	Chuck norris can tear the do not remove tag off of matresses
XJ68YH8ZQAuwhF9hQZ_03w	When Chuck Norris kicks air, someone still gets hurt.
klr6ZsxbSL-b8VyAc_t2UA	all the world records were set by Chuck Norris. the people listed are in second place.
OjAI01UsQQeSdrozSnDXLw	Shooting stars wish Chuck Norris wouldn't roundhouse kick them.
_3fic7lhtggb9sccwquysa	Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks don't really kill people. They wipe out their entire existence from the space-time continuum.
4y_kptjmsmkt71tlbkalra	When Chuck Norris is in a crowded area, he doesn't walk around people. He walks through them.
kK-BtA1zRtq52nIjAKjo9A	Chuck Norris must've thought your mother blew like a ceiling fan, because he screwed her into the ceiling!
TCbnWp5sSuGYMhjsjQXCmg	Chuck Norris threw a fit once. It took God six days and seven nights to fix the damage.
_4PAFE0pQhujGaDrHU2aJg	Chuck Norris knows the Vengabus is coming.
k4JmvqEESmukmRzmkte1Ug	Chuck Norris uses lemon juice for eye drops
a7G4M0EuRXiGa79XllTcKA	Chuck Norris can beat anybody in a staring contest... with his eyes closed
ov5fl59UT-SgbxuP8LAreA	Once, after chugging a gallon of Captain Morgan Rum, Chuck Norris french kissed a transexual frog. Nine month later, Chaz Bono was born.
E6yEltGZS8GDc1rJp3j9OQ	Chuck Norris can upload photo's of himself on you tube.
51g-CFaYRV2fPlTWJO4WKg	Chuck Norris style is like a swollen penis. You can't beat him.
hthiL-n3SoWeGlBJ22bezw	Chuck Norris isn't gay, He's beyond gay.
y6KjkzAjSdGLwrHU9bzDqQ	Chuck Norris made Twisted Sister take it.
mM_ubDJSTsy_S4nF7SNTcw	When chuck Norris was born, he immediately got up, round-housed his dad right in the face and said "that's for sleeping with my mom"
fkSZv_VQSaGuNP5Bhbn9pA	George Jung sniffed cocaine, Chuck Norris snorts sheet rock.
lCYn9kyiSy26UA_ec8LJcw	Michelle Obama twerks only for Chuck Norris.
MFtGxNQtQaegwl0WlnLagw	There are ancient tribes in the Amazon, as yet untouched by modern civilization, who worship Chuck Norris as their god of gods.
1_7c22oOQYqRcxNxOSLlRQ	A man once asked Chuck Norris if it was true that he had cheated Death. Chuck Norris merely laughed and said "Fool! I am Death" and proceeded to roundhouse kick him mercilessly.
xL2a-_J2QGWXHRZTvSmB6A	Upon leaving a public swimming pool, Chuck Norris then urinates in it.
oYTUME1ZTJqrVAsg6h4I6Q	Chuck Norris is brimming with so much testosterone-fueled badassery, that your balls will twitch at the sight of him.
dFdmcnPNQRuKv663kwbCAg	Once while walking a nature trail, Chuck Norris observed a hornets nest hanging from a tree limb. He knocked it down with a roundhouse kick just for the fun of pulling the stingers out of the ass of each one of 500 pissed off hornets.
wGhjEDuKQmSIlHHRm4WpaQ	Allstate is in good hands with Chuck Norris
xD0N6YTcQ8qXBeDOBPJbRg	Chuck Norris never has to drive his car.He tells the car what to do. Start,go,stop,left,right,foward reverse,headlights on and off, wipe my windshield.
wNZ4ogGWSx6-edghfd2e8Q	Chuck Norris once performed a vasectomy on a gorilla while it was masterbating over a female in estrous.
aWZjSoahTt665G3b7hSTtQ	Chuck Norris ate a 30 pound turkey in 6 minutes... including the bones.
tEcpBgEiRT6-7HDp_WaMHA	Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked a man with a merciful glancing blow to the forehead. And as a result, the man now has a fivehead.
1yQZgDmMQtm4V8XYMHlC2g	So it seems sleep has a cousin named death and Chuck Norris is sleeps Uncle which makes Chuck Norris Death's dad! Oh man i feel sorry for death's boyfriend!
9uSqkuFyQ-CiLGXtyTp3Zw	Chuck Norris fought Muhammed Ali back in the 70s and won by knock out.The fight lasted the whole duration of them touching gloves.
_0cHgTLsS2-NMZak9BYYrw	Oxygen requires Chuck Norris to live
iNACs6JOTIaDtFueBVxWqQ	Chuck Norris built The Great Wall of China. He is going to paint it next week.
d_-aVI4vTV2BBPjNoJVnHA	Contrary to popular belief, not even carrying a turd in your pocket can protect you from Chuck Norris. Heck, even ghosts are afraid of turds!
-j1T5SaZT3yb1rwfKNDJvQ	Chuck Norris went to the white house and crapped and pissed on President Barack Obama's desk, just because he is Chuck Norris.
_uGXbGyKSnmK634Y9oXrzg	Chuck norris can make circumsized females come multiple times
yQk7ME9fSYGPt_n4L3E7sA	A man sitting next to Chuck Norris on a plane started to complain about the lack of room and got on Chuck's nerves. So he stuffed the motherfucker into the overhead storage compartment.
_FA_DYF5QgWCF-0r1rMF5g	Chuck Norris irons his clothes by wearing them.
xUl4mDtpTomWeEfPY2PIrQ	The Chuck Norris-approved Chucknopoly is the world's only board game that is potentially fatal.
bjAgtNpaTcemtITdepFnSw	people can screw in a light bulb Chuck Norris can screw a light bulb
ugNVE1B6TOaosFPp7dIP-g	He, Chuck Norris, is awesome!!!
2IQie5kdT1CEJrEQVSoxiA	When Chuck Norris was younger he was excited when he began growing chest hair. All the other boys in his 1st grade class were jealous.
vrFuCDgeQpCFwnSVJfa_7w	Chuck Norris never pays the ferryman.
qBKyjE9SQYOv4DR3OQY72Q	Chuck Norris is the only man who has hit 5 home runs while playing in the Super Bowl.
a0aNz1XwQ52J1if06oXwZg	Chuck Norris busted Phineas and Ferb
XDQ_w2NBTq-gwenMRTs5uA	The Christmas Tree of Chuck Norris is/has/was: 100 meters tall. 103856 ornaments. 262 stars. 2847687949295 lights. too many presents under it to count. painted with 38583 colors, 683 being shades of green.
nMEFk_BjRBeBlT6KEJes_Q	If the Grinch stole Chuck Norris's Chrismas, He has 3 seconds to give it back.
5vb7eRHqQwq0r4-3B-8AjA	Chuck Norris is why Waldo is hiding.
4n76tu_jtcuutl1xl5k9sg	Two wrongs don't make a right. Unless you're Chuck Norris. Then two wrongs make a roundhouse kick to the face.
I5_UU3f7Q2e2qao2TJz9aw	Anything you can do, Chuck Norris does better.
bsdvxgtbtegjbundxa101g	One day Chuck Norris walked down the street with a massive erection. There were no survivors.
BY6rV_-DQASFo3E-Ps3eNQ	Chuck norris was evil kanevil's stunt double.
POgbrE-DTxuJ8nmS_KRDdQ	The reason Cobra Commander wears a mask coz his face was disfigured by a roundhouse kick from Chuck Norris by simply mentioning his name.
kPHhJkTMS1S77zMNgTMEZg	Chuck Norris never broke the heart of any of his ex's.Just their legs back and neck.
tSBWWfj-QKi4XpOk4nrAew	Chuck Norris invented bifocals so people could get a good, clear close-up look of the fine detail of his snake skin boots a mere nanosecond prior to facial impact.
5QGTB0IDTXCz9gJntiI8-Q	Chuck Norris is the reason Jenny's afraid to leave the Block.
mP782hGzSxmif8zWrnZ7pQ	people can glow in the dark.....Chuck Norris can glow in the light.
lsgbshl3ragvgicq7u9wsw	In honor of Chuck Norris, all McDonald's in Texas have an even larger size than the super-size. When ordering, just ask to be Chucksized.
GpDjvd77SC--fCGP6La5fA	7 seniors took Chuck Norris Snipe hunting in the woods when he was a freshman in high school. He killed 19 Snipes, a grizzly bear and 3 timber wolves. Oddly, the 7 seniors are still missing.
hBnKZeL_RGKlsSsLLd8JKw	St. Paul once said "The letter killeth, but the spirit giveth life".  He forget to add that Chuck Norris can "killeth the spirit and taketh life away".
bqWRFK5wQmmaGgnaCrV9lg	NASA scientists concur prolonged visual exposure to Chuck Norris can result in: blindness, nausea, and partial paralysis.
Z_iPV61QSta15P-hBu10Mw	When Chuck Norris was a kid they used to call him "Chucky the devil's doll"
eWgbJyI_QFObryaDMyduGA	Chuck Norris was once in a hardware store, when somebody brushed past him and didn't immedaitely apologize. Chuck prompty grabed a nailgun and turned the asshole into Pinhead.
fyAOVon6SYaBvbGCb9O2JQ	Chuck Norris uses the dimensional tear in his kitchen as a garbage disposal.
9z2PFR-GTxuRDShVHy6VKg	Chuck Norris does not live in a yellow submarine.
rwM3W9-eSWyv6EXUKRMRpQ	One time in school, I forgot to prepare a graded presentation, so I just stood in front of the class and said "Chuck Norris". I got an 'A'.
qQu9C1fsQVqvW8_K5ZGmGw	Chuck Norris won the $142,000,000 Texas state PowerBall Lottery with a ticket stub from a Texas Rangers baseball game.
RuvbAw8XQWqfYdlwCBPTDA	Ozzy Osbourne listens to Chuck Norris.
S7loi4MgSR2RMt2o6J_nkQ	Chuck Norris sleeps with his eyes open
7ghrxlcxtaavwauh3nwwka	A diff between your code and Chuck Norris's is infinite.
s0Ly1KnKQYy2uzoSU45YNg	J. Wellington Wimpy did pay Chuck Norris back on Tuesday for a hamburger eaten that day.
RY_7-0wGRm2Z0tgQ2biRXg	It's bad for a black cat if it crosses Chuck Norris' path.
CXwMYpBwTZalk8MT7BVxcw	Chuck Norris puts out his cigars in the nearest person's eye socket.
txqmxydmqpinjsxkcyqizw	Noah was the only man notified before Chuck Norris relieved himself in the Atlantic Ocean.
GzpIgydtTgWOavsW3qTu8A	Little Johnny's teacher asked him to use the word "ape" in a sentence. Johnny said "Chuck Norris was after my dad and he ran like a raped ape". Little Johnny got detention.
OnAeKTQ6TpKDf6FVcAsscg	Chuck Norris uses a flamethrower to light his BBQ.
88KQGV8dRWm9p1J5Dr6NZQ	The word "upChuck" came from the first time Chuck Norris round-house kicked someone in the stomach.
suimhigvR5CAK-c-VANfPQ	Chuck Norris doesn't buy wine. He just stares at a bottle of Welches Grape Juice and it turns into 1945 Chateau Mouton Rothschild out of fear.
H9GIvTrFRTKtAPNGzIDEog	The US did not boycot the 1980 Summer Olympics. Chuck Norris was the only US qualifier for every event. He decided not to compete because there was no challenge.
wOgZCCWDReOnr3ws_Sqw2g	No matter how manly and hetro you claim to be, if you are given a nude photo of Chuck Norris, you will be dead from carpal tunnel syndrome within 4 hours.
TZo6llmrRTeD71SKdd95Qg	No man is an island, except Chuck Norris.Chuck Norris is an island sometimes.
Bf18cb9tSiK3K73EsiasPQ	Side effects to Chuck Norris sex:  vagina set on fire; putting out fire with own orgasm; euphoric sobbing; broken bones; end of the Mayan Long Count Calendar; cops show up complaining about the screaming; dead cops; face shines with ethereal glory; Jeff Gordon's gay; curtain of the temple is rent in twain; all colors in the visible spectrum turn black.
cTltuaNiQGqbuR0qVH8fTQ	Chuck Norris requires a recking ball to bowl
8k8GUH6cTWmhBLdZ3sBAog	Chuck Norris once beat Ricky Gervais in a British accent impersonation contest.
qC7h6hB2QaOjOtqWtPQWbg	Chuck Norris is the only person who can write history of the future.
mvX9IOmGSNOa3pmIssRlIA	we all know that the hulk is green..with envy, because he knows Chuck Norris can kick his fucking ass
vlzejG-vRG6HieJKyRv6yA	Chuck Norris often goes to funerals with popcorn and soda.
rOeAqEhOS42HkWZyT53C7g	Chuck Norris can make a cheeseburger without cheese
Z6du1qm7Q_WwbUPlhlr1Xw	Chuck Norris has impregnated 73 women. Over the internet. They all died before the end of their first trimester from internal bleeding caused by roundhouse kicks. All babies survived.
eogk64wnR7iK2X5XXa4zDQ	Chuck norris can just wright a random number and the math problem is right
VZDLrxjGTGqyvhiAXymLGg	Did you hear about the crazy lady who tackled the Pope during Christmas Mass at St. Peter's Basilica? Chuck Norris became enraged after hearing this. As a response, Chuck Norris tackled the whole Catholic Church exclaiming, "If you want it done right, you might as well do it yourself".
2Pu6NhLyR1OfxkRE5d2ObA	Chuck Norris once glared at someone and the guys heart jump out of his chest out of fear. it didn't get far before chuck Norris grabbed it and ate it. the only thing scarier than chuck Norris glaring at you is him smiling while in the middle of a round house kick
W4AlmOjvRdqAdxBmhBsgbQ	Uncle Sam is Chuck Norris' nephew.
h7W0Sf7jRnarFwU2q-Ac4Q	the manny pacquiao-floyd mayweather, jr. fight will only push through if CHUCK NORRIS says so...
5V1rvf5USjuiRYZ5M0yWUQ	Chuck Norris walked in a chinese restaurant and asked for Chicken Parmesan with Bruschetta bread...and got it.
9KQZrE1KRoG29dU4QvZ3vQ	If Chuck Norris where to meet Arnold Schwarzenegger the world would end of the action packed that would follow
KmoBmpXQQFWjEf3evhtUQg	once Chunk norris got a wireless box and as a result never piss Chuck Norris
NBwzLcbnSPiPgNCBa5cp3g	If you kill Chuck Norris, he doesn't die, you die.
x0KE-UdnStSYuWbMDHtjaQ	When Chuck Norris prepares a smoked salmon, he wraps it in Zig-Zag.
RF5uu_U0Qhy7kOaL2epQKA	It's been discovered that the best possible weapon to have when the zombies come is Chuck Norris.
ivE9gnO2SFOwTp0gU9tcnA	They don't have a Chuck Norris wax statue at Madame Tussauds till now cos everytime they make one, it comes alive and destroys all other statues.
xKDcJBhFTbSh4Rbz-KMgEw	Chuck Norris has had his left arm amputated - twice.
Qfyd4hORSY-fg_yMKnRiow	Chuck Norris fooled The Who again.
wkst_SI4Q6Gjo5mQrfcU1A	During WWII Chuck Norris was drafted into the Army. He mercilessly roundhouse kicked everyone to death including Ally soldiers. Their resting place is now known as Arlington Cemetery.
XZIptzobQaqizCRAG3JGyg	Chuck Norris wishes you a Roundhouse Kicking New Year!
9cxTIo20TdOiGlxit3Nxrw	When Chuck Norris was once working at Freddy's Fazbear's Pizza, he punched the manager and roundhouse kicked Freddy Fazbear in the face.
mhmp-zhqszwuimbxfbkx8q	Chuck Norris's programs can pass the Turing Test by staring at the interrogator.
kMGfjmcYTuqewbR6DpvwDg	Chuck Norris taught birds how to fly
cak4t8GvSomqpGsoUgOGng	Chuck Norris usually prefers to travel on the OUTSIDE of taxis, trains and commercial aircraft.
obu1daueqnibql1rhevefa	Love does not hurt. Chuck Norris does.
FHnEfzPsSMGntsyN8DgB4Q	Little-known fact: Chuck Norris is the most famous porn star in Japan. He is known as Tsunami san.
hTlnETbpSteLWidqVMgeSA	Jesus' last words, before giving up the ghost in Aramaic were "Eloi Eloi lama sabachthani".  The approximate translation into modern English:  Chuck Norris, Chuck Norris, please don't roundhouse kick me!
JQkuvX5KSbyZ6KV9QS3nKQ	Question:  Which of the following is most likely to occur? a) Having a threesome with two hot women b) Winning the lottery c) Discovering $10 billion of gold d) Kicking Chuck Norris' ass   Answer:  Don't know about the first three, but it's sure as shit that "d" will NEVER fucking happen.
elvhC-kZSiGLHjtwHqGzog	He is never Missing in Action, He is.... Chuck Norris
8lXdJnbZR7i-nXs9HhhI9g	Effigies get burnt in Chuck Norris.
9FqrXimEQ2-XoPbAx-UcBA	Adobe Flash runs on Chuck Norris' iPhone.
r0nV9udOQbyBMRbCuXxlKg	the answer to the question whick goes first chicken or egg, the answer is CHUCK NORRIS
iCf7k3jURCy-CODRE0ouYQ	Chuck Norris began weight training at age 3. He bench-pressed a 747 ten times.
YLtglhWzSkaXgEVjk88k1Q	Chuck Norris univented testicle clamps. And that's why you have never heard of them.
LaLuobm9Swq2ttDnghSzYw	If life hands Chuck Norris lemons, he makes beer...
ILhzN51FTFey1MjGMN1BDQ	If Chuck Norris beat you half to death you would be dead.
ry-52RR3QJu2fd2K1iw3vA	Archaeologists in Egypt have recently discovered what may be the world's oldest Chuck Norris fact written on the inside of a sarcophagus - translated from the ancient language, it reads 'Big Chuck is holding a gun to my head and telling me to write this/Big Chuck is the lord of time travel/All hail Big Chuck'.
yu8u7ggkqwwe9dj4rqj3qw	Chuck Norris can taste lies.
N6Qi8AxRQEKhXXizqcgZ1Q	Google asked Chuck Norris where to search.
bFJWLxtHTr-jqQrrRC45fA	Once in olden times, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the ancient King of Canniptia in the face. Then, the remaining old world Canniptions threw a fit. Thank goodness the neighboring ruler of Hissyopia was not also kicked in the face or there would have also been a Hisssy fit to deal with!
Pe2_FjtCRqm9DBse6FQxkg	One time the Enterprise needed to exceed warp 9 speed, so Chuck Norris round house kicked it. The Enterprise warped out of existence.
GgZFbC9CSOyUBiw41Iji4g	Chuck Norris discovered a new theory of relativity involving multiple universes in which Chuck Norris is even more badass than in this one. When it was discovered by Albert Einstein and made public, Chuck Norris roundhouse-kicked him in the face. We know Albert Einstein today as Stephen Hawking.
yrvjrpx3t4qxqmowpyvxbq	Chuck Norris protocol design method has no status, requests or responses, only commands.
jR650xtcTSy2mM4HGFOcFQ	Chuck Norris can give both men and women boners
72oato5jTTaRn_dQieUowg	The stock market monitors Chuck Norris.
8Cf1hBuhTUK4g3B-KQ2wXw	Chuck Norris came before the chicken or the egg.
uZAJe96-SJWXscs2Vh2KEw	Sasquatch brings Chuck Norris Jack Links beef jerky.
yf8cFo-AT0GSb9C6AmH__Q	Chuck Norris was kicked out of the the NFl for refusing to wear a helmet or a pad of any kind...
r3cnIHv0QniPA3ULvTzQSA	At the end of a rainbow there is no pot of gold, it's Chuck Norris' cornhole.
5znWcYoGSkiXskNsdO3OmA	Chuck Norris keeps his pillow under his gun.
0OpJWArtTmubI40uZmVGag	Chuck Norris hates kids, because he had a son once, and he turned out to be such a pussy...he hung out with 12 guys, couldnt score with his girlfriend, and died on a friggin cross...no more kids for Chuck Norris.
RP0U-ssxTVaNepvhYHo1yg	Chuck Norris correctly predicted the result of Super Bowl XLVIII in 1952.
M0Mev7tVT5KKZWbQeZAVDw	Chuck Norris will kill anyone who does NOT respect him.
SMmKSIyAT3OKZi3xbK5lSQ	The movie 'Caligula' was inspired by the average Chuck Norris house party.
9vrrumM5Q2mdXKXdGXTbZw	Chuck Norris wanted to sell his urine as a drink  we now know this drink as red bull
KMIu92KCQSqeBnnkvAR4nQ	Chuck Norris puts Baby in the corner.
tE-xHJmRSzi7P_5GLq530A	Chuck Norris can smell puss from 50 yards.
tbQe6sqbTgm1_nWj36NDjw	The last time Chuck Norris had a brainstorm it knocked out power to 3 major US cities at once
ZMiPZGt_StuQJ05y44gcVA	*Chuck Norris is an acronym, it means:  Crushing Heads Under  Cars and Kicking  Ninjas Over Rail Roads and Into Space
DZfs4CnESKKzJz0QpMLTHw	Once, while staying over at his buddies' house, little Chuck Norris had a pillow fight. There were no survivors, and the house had to be demolished.
_OQZuK_UQwGWOBu-NbXG9g	Chuck Norris invented guns so the rest of us have a fighting chance....
vUiilT9wTASrJr9srbJk0g	Last year Chuck Norris went to Cannes Film Festival. On seeing him, a huge crowd of fans gathered, chanting "au-to-graph! au-to-graph!" in unison. Not to disappoint his ardent fans, he delivered a lightning fast roundhouse kick to the nearest fan, dropping him dead instantly. Chuck Norris beamed. The terrified fans changed their chant to "NO autograph! NO autograph! NO autograph!". Chuck Norris gave all of them his autograph anyway. Later in the evening he had sex with Gisele Bundchen.
3wdHot4PTvumFJVVl_yo5w	You can get tetanus simply by staring at Chuck Norris' beard for too long.
u8TVSFMxQ5GeqhBjweVvGQ	Chuck Norris has already won the Tour De France whilst sitting on a tortoise's back with no legs. In 2015.
7NDkvIo_RJGxUq183RJNhg	Chuck Norris has Hitler's skull hanging off of his key-chain.
0bTbvjwqRESWTyBSYNmAZw	The power level for Chuck Norris' roundhouse kick is infinity.
z9JjykZbS7u5LxcnqAARPQ	Chuck Norris can cut a blade.
XlOd96phSqmh7sEAv5sexg	Chuck Norris was asked his opinion of the Democratic and Republican presidential candidates. Chuck said all of them are about as useless as zombie puke.
bM_dqAX3QFSY6B75R5kMBg	In case you are wondering... Chuck Norris' spurs have INDEED slit thousands of throats and killed dozens of horses.
PfMm5bImQC6P56Jq7iDUGQ	It's good to be the king. Until Chuck Norris snaps your fucking neck from behind.
thn9m8jBSYWlbJT0xuBXgw	A dentist once lost his arm trying to remove a young Chuck Norris' tonsils.
2F8n496JRMOAUy8uFJM4ew	Chuck Norris doesn't get into car accidents, cars get into Chuck Norris accidents.
oxuCnu60R6uby3JC9mqWcw	Chuck Norris actually means God in spanish, english, german, roundhouse, arabic, french, assassin, italian and just go with it or he'll kick you
N_BufOZHRJqxxUxdlUApbQ	There's no point in crying over spilled milk unless it's Chuck Norris' milk ... then you're gonna die.
waepurGGQlGnSv4j02HyYg	Tony the Tiger knows that Chuck Norris is G-R-E-A-T!
qM6kcTkvTha6jNbFtnwnrw	The Draught of Living Death is not a magical potion or anything like it, it's not even liquid. It's the state of a human which, by some hell of an accident, survived a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick.
w3FQgyDlQdO3JU7z2jDV4w	AHEM... Chuck Norris Fact/Joke.
nPmhsyNpQPeYRiOXyidsAQ	If Chuck Norris shaved off his beard, there would be no chin... just another fist
k9uHH1ijRxqwiT1rLtyJcg	Chuck Norris can invite you to your own birthday party.
LJyWBa0AScKMjVD2JmsX_g	Chuck Norris idea of a toy car is a SSC Ultimate Areo
aS3xEwSeRkSWlP3dlcGusg	Chuck Norris can understand women.
enGyy1ysR0GYTSvVz4h8UQ	There are two kinds of women in the world; those who have slept with Chuck Norris, and those who want to.
zcTA4ELrTEmEV4CJKTMjmA	Chuck Norris can shoot flames from his dick.
MKjxM_LsQoqxu4YlPhnVow	Chuck Norris invented the Rosetta Stone Language Learning System, but found it useless, because he can already speak every language on Earth--simultaneously!
uERV5a8lTjatpqpTCI21Tw	On his last camping trip, Chuck Norris used a live porcupine for a pillow.
f1sQzSEYSGiMmc67dmyImg	DNA: Deoxyribonucleic acid CNA: Chuck Norris, asshole
clU1bM0oTk6V0eHoHdIf9w	Chuck Norris re-mixed P Diddy's face.
gzuD2p2STVO4_0UbF2Dlyw	The moment were you dont capitalize CHUCK NORRIS is the moment when Chuck Norris decides that your dieing at that very moment.... But this is only possible if you havent pissed CHUCK NORRIS off already... Because you would already be dead.
IZ4Zz1hVRJmILsDoQb2i0Q	Chuck Norris dunks onion rings in his morning coffee.
pjwdD7muSvC4mhTZcvsdRw	Chuck Norris is in love with bruce lee
qpAkJ2bxSXiU-yX7W-cW0w	The reason why Chuck Norris was made is because hes freaking badass.
z7WtluYBRcK6wGv2zI77ow	Chuck Norris wears white after Labor Day.
rTHY_pkvRYCciGyrEgAhkw	Chuck Norris can crush walnuts between his ass-cheeks. He can also do this to beer kegs and human skulls.
gjcgdPlIRhGhXe5WmiOysw	A mugger thought he was going to take Chuck Norris' money. His funeral is tomorrow.
DpoMtfJOQ--8s13pW5lP-g	Chuck Norris once hit a deer with a car ..... a parked car !
8mCPKrGPRlGYWE_JoNXC6w	Chuck Norris does not party on Fridays. He parties EVERY HOUR! Infact he is partying right now.
6-fJwzllQA-s7UoSmiNbtw	It can be said that Chuck Norris has a foot fetish - he loves the sight of his own foot disintegrating assholes' heads.
IIkVw76ZRUqBwu-uln-RZA	Chuck Norris knows where Barack Obama was born.
NzWYqFJjQ-yx5Av8ZBnZzA	Chuck Norris once made a kid cry with one eye.
tjkKio8kTeyVwsGczqCRdw	Chuck Norris once ate a marketing director's heart.
gESM0V3fS3-LCqy_UnkOrQ	Chuck Norris can turn in a blank paper at school and get an A+.
kGc7rLNcQ528tNZxRwbuTg	Chuck Norris can hear colors....
IjqNNWKvSDeVKaI82PaT1g	One person stated that Chuck Norris has forgotten more about killing than anyone will ever know. That is not true -- Chuck Norris never forgets. Ever.
LRZVL_XXQDmrxLm25Z2kxQ	Chuck Norris once participated in the running of the bulls, the bulls were running because chuck Norris was behind them
ObEoxv_YRM2O2DhxaSmBbQ	It took Harry Potter 7 books to defeat Voldemort. It only took Chuck Norris 7 words.
9fTch5qjSY2YxJ3YIli6CQ	You can lead a horse to water, but Chuck Norris can make him eat Tequila jello shots.
VQ1MZUz_RCK10HXr76itLA	The real reason the Titanic sank was because Chuck Norris want to get off and go for a swim.
xMVa7AAyQdCy5fpPQ9ST0A	the tide recedes because it knows Chuck Norris is coming
Q4-E4ZfoSJCio0SDcckriQ	Chuck Norris went into a restaurant and ordered a beef steak. The waiter asked him how would he like his steak cooked - well done, medium or rare. Chuck Norris said - "Alive".
MF-lRAwQSFG3VHcwL2g-VA	The only man alive that scares Chuck Norris is Chuck Norris.
se-vauWZR4-6G2466m0omA	Chuck Norris won the Tour De France...on reverse
IUltEG8kQOKXFgswV7ZOoA	one the boy said HELP HELP ITS CHUCK NORRIS
D8ayjOF8RhWxjfbHZkSguA	To Chuck Norris, every zoo is a petting zoo.
VHzcKLMITl6QsRaayC34TQ	A Jehovah witness once knocked on Chuck Norris door. Chuck Norris let the Jehovah witness into the house and then roundhouse kicked him out the window. The man tried to sue Chuck Norris for assault but could not prove anything since there was no witnesses.
az-Xt46aROGRStS0yTYQew	Christmas is canceled this year. Chuck Norris told Santa no more Christmas.
fkqegKXjSISVhH1ao_FmwA	Scientists use Chuck Norris' spectacular kicks to calibrate their earthquake warning systems
oPuAD3CdSnmxKl56fxSeLg	Chuck Norris's body temperature is 98.6 degrees... Celsius.
4t5ClhHHSvaM6dKEPYQGRQ	God said "Let there be light!"  Chuck Norris said "Say please."
yk9AnA12TyO0ddRPfkFlSw	Chuck Norris doesn't get 2-day deliveries from Amazon, he gets his order the same day
nOe0g4RMSGuFQTIw1Nf4sw	Space only exist because it afraid to be on the same planet as Chuck Norris
anSZmsjFT2u_SBnAZzHPew	Chuck Norris is who Cliff Richards' heart was given away to last Christmas.
ezudm-intc6uvfuzreclpq	If you spell Chuck Norris in Scrabble, you win. Forever.
R6p-8YiiRIKoOjl6evtG4Q	Chuck Norris nags and bitches at women for leaving the toilet seat DOWN.
maAWglMPTPOp1tqZXleV7A	Chuck Norris sold his soul to the devil for his rugged good looks and unparalleled martial arts ability. Shortly after the transaction was finalized, Chuck roundhouse kicked the devil in the face and took his soul back. The devil, who appreciates irony, couldn't stay mad and admitted he should have seen it coming. They now play poker every second Wednesday of the month.
L-HW4LIjQFydAt4OLfqEcQ	Chuck Norris Beat the guinness book of world records every day just by walking.
9O7seT6CQXOahpAqHuDUvA	If Chuck Norris had a pennie for every time he roundhouse kicked someone, he would be the richest man ever.
ynHzcCe-S9-EIBD8-7WMKQ	Chuck Norris recently received a Nobel Prize for his groundbreaking role in "Firewalker".
vCunn8h6T-ekfTDCB1lO2Q	Chuck Norris doesn't start his alphabet with an A. Instead he starts it with a Z, and ends with CN.
Lpj9bMdWSvCMPvZWGhN7Dg	Chuck Norris graduated from preschool, high school, and college before he was even born.
uIEb8Ji2R7Gzq19khEadrQ	Chuck Norris never gets 'angry'. He gets nukey.
J6EKCG24SxyUfG9XBC4GcQ	Chuck Norris never 'visits' a foreign land... he invades it
73SjRIGESoyBRTlZ3oZYgg	Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to Chuck Norris's side.
Lj-boQ3uTVi_M6-sHf70zQ	Chuck Norris has eyes in the back of YOUR head
KalqDWhxSwqk32xjK-3-Sw	Jimmy Fallon has to ask Chuck Norris permission "to make it rain up in here".
wk18bvRSRkiAItCGGpU8Dw	Silence and peach terrifies Chuck Norris.
3c65d1D8SI2OsCBTObIN6g	the police once clocked Chuck Norris doing 100 mph while walking to the corner store
wwT2fo7rR_uazh446CLD6g	Isac Newton discovered gravity because Chuck Norris chucked an apple in his face from the moon.
1OEbwlF5Tti4INZDt4ocjQ	GOD said he created humans in his image he did not say anything about Chuck norris
s4SiZqBBSvCZFEcN1Cu_Sg	The four corners of the Earth are all in Chuck Norris' back yard
0vF0aJXwTOKoCUJQpa8Wkg	Chuck Norris has a heart as black and cold as the most lifeless corners of outer space.
M-yj_G4mTfy7Jb3mx60yWQ	Chuck Norris likes to force-feed Navy SEALs fish.
b0eqwlSHSEGBxurQej7VTg	When Neil Armstrong stepped onto the Moon, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked him 900 yards and said, "That's one giant leap for a man, and a long damn wait for me."
Xwl8fLSjQEKb7WyvzmryLw	White noise is just the gathered screams of Chuck Norris' victims.
UWY_XDcuQIykOzobaROZOg	Adam and Eve weren't the first people on Earth, Chuck Norris just kept a low profile.
pA5WA6hFRWK2fUBWVdn_zA	Chuck Norris doesn't wilderness survival skills. The wilderness needs Chuck Norris survival skills.
7OaYUUp3TmORY4ZYR-6kpQ	Chuck Norris recently wrote a 2000-page compendium about how to properly clean your belly-button lint. The book won every literary prize around the world in both fiction and non-fiction categories. Even the Kindle Edition of the book has recently surpassed the Bible as the most read book ever.
bZBob9lkSGukDMG_qwnGyA	Chuck Norris can be totally understood by Russian people, by simply speaking plain english and adding a '-ski' at the end of every sentance.
jMfNAnpOSg2gi9g2gxiYxA	Chuck Norris can beat an Englishman in an impersonating British accents.
XRsqNZ-FRumugLBwgyHBdg	Chuck Norris doesn't chew gum balls. He chews bawling balls.
UkPo8NLvRh6-shYmqpo-3g	Chuck Norris' favorite sexual position is Chucky-style.
ZlTOtKHFQwm1OS85olTalQ	Kings, Queens and twins sleep on Chuck Norris sized beds. However, Chuck Norris sleeps ontop of a 14 story bunk bed.
S2mh5lyPScSS5D50Fe49Rw	While waiting at the drive up window at the local KFC for his order of lobster thermidor, Chuck Norris chugged a gallon of Wild Turkey. When his order arrived, he barfed in the cashiers face and drove off laughing.
mBg6sBhBQImuJ58MqwwVeQ	Chuck norris does not save people's cellphone numbers.  If he wants to call He guesses the number and always guesses right  Chuck norris never learned to drive. He just knew it  Chuck norris farted once.It was the 6 august 1945 in hiroshima japan.During world war II. The media covered him up saying it was an atomic bomb   My email adress is nmkauka@hotmail.com. I'm a humorist  #A_Reason_To_laugh
fVHA5OZ-QEyC9ZspKKVqGA	Chuck Norris can ride his bike with no handlebars..............or wheels
Z9_eIk0zQSmnTr7vKb9ExQ	Chuck Norris can clip his left hand fingernails...with his left hand!
Rrh0D0QSQNGyjC9-2e1cyg	Only Chuck Norris is allowed to take a dump off the Golden Gate Bridge. Onlookers boating in the bay celebrate the event by getting shit faced before the party drinking begins.
PFjGOgOkTRaEJ-MKXgUCdg	Chuck Norris was asked if he had ever gone skindiving? Chuck replied "no, but I've gone muff diving hundreds of times".
S6XHf9BbRKWMkj3eZSm-Ow	Chuck Norris is rated XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for extreme violence and sex scenes.
baXxcGBqQG6an7udXMTQWA	When Chuck Norris plays a game, every minute is potentially "Sudden Death" for his opponents...including cards and board games.
vhxhe9-yto2ibeyqpb2hpg	Crop circles are Chuck Norris' way of telling the world that sometimes corn needs to lie down.
-ZDY1AgtQUKJWM0sWKQvcA	Someone once gave Chuck Norris the finger.....he keeps it in a pickle jar.
ZV56fykST7-Zf8rv9orxuw	Chuck Norris can kill the chicken in Zelda.
ZIWAvJB6QQeKXMMrr39SdA	When Chuck Norris was 9, his girlfriends father told Chuck to stay away from his 23 year old daughter.
y5g77YfFTlOQonHbDuahGQ	America is not a democracy. Its a Chucktatorship ruled by Chuck Norris.
PsNm6wpnRk-ost-tWHtzxA	Chuck Norris beat gravity to the bottom
rc6-b6moRZywsVze1-xFXA	Chuck Norris crab fishes the Bearing Sea using only a snorkel and a laundry basket.
PCG7B-XOTB2eCUBnqYfNCA	The Green Bay Packers challenged Chuck Norris to a football game. Final score: Norris 274, Packers (-96).
3wVyRIDSRTGDPB7EBzdGLg	Chuck Norris once kicked a baby beluga whale into puberty.
SVJyvmXpQN2aJgdF1PqlQw	Chuck Norris was in a Jack Ryan movie. He was The Sum of All Fears.
t2WA6My4RRiWaBGlbHMvZg	If you looked up 'legend' in the dictionary, you would be immediately decapitated by Chuck Norris for being dumb enough to not know that word.
T-A2A15hQfypHc__-eijbg	When Chuck Norris go's to Mcdonalds he turns everyone into an unhappy meal.
fsQoNIKUQ_OCqLLxkKZYbw	Today is Chuck Norris' birthday. But he does not age.
IjGEWO0_TOOHiOjBEpnoGA	did you ever notice that quidditch rhymes with spinach so harry potter is actually Popeye and we all know Popeye is actually Chuck Norris's penis so by that logic Chuck Norris's penis eats spinach flexes, and avada-round house kicks you in the face!
uuyvAY9ZTtSnXpiQAMyYVQ	Martin Luther King may have had a dream, but Chuck Norris had a body count.
YzbEgz5TRhicljT3p2RsDg	What doesn't belong on this list: 1)Your wife, 2) your kids, 3) meat, 4)Chuck Norris. Ans: #4 Chuck Norris. You can beat your wife & kids half to death if you want to & you can also beat your own meat. But you can't beat Chuck Norris.
FUBtj7n3TCOrpv1k4APF5w	Chuck Norris frequently gets challenged to compare penis sizes with smartasses. Chuck always simply pulls out enough to win.
UaKi--HVQpC3gE4uPsigaw	Physicists have replaced the term Big Bang with Chuck Norris.
oH5TGBkUR_2tEnQWB4llsg	Chuck Norris drinks bear milk.
RecRv2ZOQ3eOMkB2deHFHg	Chuck Norris only ever broke a sweat once, because it stayed broken.
htuWzM0mSTShRcjzwseDqw	Lots of guys consider themselves to be bad-asses. Chuck Norris circumcised himself when he was 10 days old.
p_gFaAePTzCCoid3L0qqfg	Katy Perry kissed a girl to get attention from Chuck Norris.
AnBWx135Qf2t-CF9DFMiLw	Chuck Norris uspio uraditi zadau da mu prou svi autotestovi troll_Gk3kaU9Q9qno7KwCNFYTw	To err is human. To forgive is divine. To kill is Chuck Norris.
4zJPK5WuQJeEZ-AN8XKYSg	Chuck Norris can head-butt a cannonball back into the cannon it was fired from. Without blinking.
Zd8oOCk2TjWnugquiYPgEA	mount st. helens was never an active volcano, Chuck Norris just went a few days without masturbating
wuIq22vCQriT6iOv_94dmA	Chuck Norris once visited with the Cherokee Nation Tribal Council. It was there that Chief Running Wolf presented him the honorary Native American name of: Chuck Norris.
fh3awkNWS8qZ5VDOtK7nGg	Chuck Norris can literally undress a woman with his eyes.
lj5tmV9WQpOy0SvKdAZ-rQ	Life is like a box of chocolates until Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks you.
yNualoRcRYukITzU-yleow	Chuck Norris makes great charcoal grilled cannibal kabobs.
K_JFovFsTRCxu0rWey7rGA	There are two meanings for The Rock: 1) Professional wrestler Dwayne Johnson, and 2) Chuck Norris' dick.
Z51v-Kg5Qveu6gLnoeGOpQ	god created the world, because Chuck Norris let him
v6Wo1N4KQQqvVeDBoSNiCg	Go to Joke #51, for this joke. This was hacked by Chuck Norris.
MHycK9R7R-uIPrhgyceVBw	Jesus didn't rise and ascend to the heavens on the 3rd day. Chuck Norris round kick him back to life and simultaneously killed him again sending him to heaven.
wRR3mbdySdO8IrMx4CW48g	only you can prevent forest fires, only Chuck Norris can prevent roundhouse kicks..he just doesn't try
X8YuIFvWQmqbZT_SJnmrXA	I fought the law and................Chuck Norris won.
SMLs1PXuQJq2BanyxhgAUg	Chuck Norris' crotch is considered a weapon of mass destruction.
ryP7IfHLTTSlMIjc22lPBg	The original title for Alien vs Predator used to be called Alien vs Chuck Norris. But no one wanted to pay $7.50 for a 10 second movie
boEkNqHfTpeQPiiFvt8Hmw	Willy Wonka gave an everlasting gobstopper to Chuck Norris. The flavor lasted 2.3 seconds.
VTATbNCNRoS15jGF-9Wsxg	Florida was only made a state, because Chuck Norris wanted some orange juice.
XO8bBespRgClq05lTsnsIw	Most people receive Chuck Norris' kicks while he is wearing his cowboy boots. Receiving a bare-feet Chuck Norris roundhouse kick is considered auspicious in some countries.
BOqrft1UTXuARuRQaBAjyw	The mayor of San Antonio, TX has hired Chuck Norris to lite his farts for the evening 4th of July fireworks program.
WK0uCwczSqCdfu0vgN_ooA	Superman is afraid of only two things, kryptonite--and Chuck Norris.
baU_ML8WRKSlDJFianFgKA	The official title for the Academy Award for Best Actor is "Best Actor Not Named Chuck Norris."
sXNHPAVVS--P9AdxvG2Vwg	Chuck Norris pee'd his name in the snow at Aspen. He was standing in Dallas.
ExEbPwVDQJ2VwceyDfkndw	Chuck Norris' penis has biceps.
7vz19oS1QMa8I4WQ1Doolg	Chuck Norris has seen it all, and done it all, so many times that he has long ago lost count.
IliwK4yQTz2hilm170wDaQ	For Chuck Norris, pain truly is the cleanser.
mZgWVGeDTOGai3kYTkCn1g	Clearly, Chuck Norris has more bad-assedness in his beard than all of the other Expendables combined and squared.
zqwzw8HUQvyUg8BdahwTjQ	Chuck Norris is, in theory, banned from visiting Greenland as his body heat will melt the glaciers. I say 'in theory' because nobody can fucking ban Chuck Norris from anywhere. It's just lucky that Chuck don't give a shit about Greenland.
tpQX1hAyQHSolsCpbTiNcA	Chuck Norris has a photo of his dick on his driver's licence. It folds out.
obr8yor_qv6rdrnnvcgayw	Every time Chuck Norris smiles, someone dies. Unless he smiles while he?s roundhouse kicking someone in the face. Then two people die.
N0J-MijESAynU1jSx5Gv1w	Yes, Chuck Norris' genitals are naturally huge & not, as rumored, infected with Elephantiasis.
taGXp5TFTzaBejdNlWn6SQ	Chuck Norris counted to infinity - twice
OuMP_rpkSGKomnwps_9myQ	Chuck Norris made Twisted Sister take it some more.
kRCicvhcSlanwuB6SzOKvA	Freddy thought he was the true nightmare until he met Chuck Norris who roundhouse kicked and from that day Freddy hides in fear thinking a nightmare in texas
KzjLl7yISWKXYZd1t-Br5A	When Chuck Norris was born, he poped out with a tactical knife in his hand.
n50DbSYnS3WwSPjrRzGbSg	Chuck Norris has a reputation not to be sneered at. Seriously, don't sneer at him. You'll get a boot to the kidneys.
_FFaGZQ3S_OMjMTY8SEyMw	Chuck Norris fears nothing. But fear fears Chuck Norris.
_1B0r61TSaCXWAXE4gIZkw	Superman is able to leap tall buidings in a single bound. Chuck Norris is able to tell them to get the hell out of his way.
CP_porA6QPaMudxHQaSSIg	Superman can stop a bullet with his teeth. Chuck Norris can cause a bullet to implode, before exiting the chamber.
qzsGb1ciTte0zZHL7I2kRQ	Chuck Norris can slam dunk a bowling ball from the half court line of a tennis court.
_KN3_c6TSliqH_VT3wFttw	For 'American Sniper', Bradley Cooper got acting and beard-wearing tips from Chuck Norris.
L5UIWlaxRqGEjx56MstovQ	When Chuck Norris goes for a swim, the sharks panic.  You wanna defy gravity? Let Chuck Norris give you a roundhouse. No Wait, no one "LETS" Chuck, he just does.
pJgc-haWQyOk6_3zCk7Dxw	Chuck Norris won an Oscar for his appearance in a television commercial.
S5MhJGJmTN6SammS2fL13g	If you ever piss Chuck Norris off while he is standing in the light of a full moon, he will naturally turn into a werechuck and fuck you right the hell on up.
dP_0_ITOTom4xnxLkOr7HQ	Arnold Schwarzenegger says "I'll be back!". Chuck Norris says "I'm back!"
FsviuSpJSgGGz8PwPsLvUw	It doesn't matter what those bitch-ass Rolling Stones say, Chuck Norris CAN always get what he wants.
sppb4uoaQTWwoc7ti7IfIw	Chuck Norris is the pricipal of the School Of Hard Knocks. Or as it's officially called, The Charles Norris Xavior's School For Gifted Bastard Offspring Of Lord Norris. It is responsible for all human death in the world.
NHbyWimRQde4LYaDetooBQ	You know that scene in Superman where Superman flies around the Earth to reverse it's spin and send time backwards?   If you watch it frame by frame you will see a disappointed Chuck Norris at the North Pole shaking his head when he realizes that Superman is trying to do something impossible for a mere mortal of Krypton.   But to help a brother out, Chuck Norris lets Superman get up to speed and roundhouse kicks the Earth to reverse the spin. He never did tell Superman the truth....mostly because he was still banging Lois Lane.
fWEUOKd0SYSjuPI7CDfBnw	Chuck Norris stomped on King Kong. After that, King Kong became Alvin Seville.
5u_Cu0bVTtOkXRcQaAAPwQ	Chuck Norris has a Lucario named Telepatly. He doesn't use it in battle often, as said Lucario always wins on turn -247 to turn 3, and that would be even more unfair. However, said Lucario lives up to its nickname like heck.
LsCVUvEHQ0GXHr5rWPNh-A	Jason didn't drown Chuck Norris pulled him under
ntRxCn4cQnyTN2Azpd2ZAg	'Original Sin' actually refers to the first time anyone ever tried to fight Chuck Norris.
M_4KNb_EQQOyRR_UNtNdew	Chuck Norris sits on his tv and watches the couch.
4_5vpG7oTIi0oE6ytrmBGg	When Chuck Norris ejaculates, the echo can be heard for miles.
ALMkqOz_TQKjMK1QRHDa6Q	A reporter once referred to Chuck Norris as a 'God-fearing patriot'. Upon reading the article, Chuck Norris immediately sprinted to the fucker's bomb shelter and turned him into hummous. Chuck Norris fears nothing.
uq-vwbx5t2g5xp95aggyxa	When Chuck Norris break the build, you can't fix it, because there is not a single line of code left.
MicbV0pkRdmFSYUrdt1ZKA	Chuck Norris ate tiny the tiger for breakfast and it was GGGRRRREEEAAAT!
VEFBMQRrTy2fVWB9Na8t0A	The real reason of the tsunami was because Chuck Norris threw a rock from texas and it landed in the indian ocean.
sC-0UNojT1OOWx6nJA1r3A	There is no such thing as global warming, just Chuck Norris farting after him eating a bean burrito.
8jXeBbRMSbKwN-Rt097h0A	Chuck Norris did offer to dance with the Devil on the pale moonlight but the Devil said "not a chance, not with Chuck Norris"!
uSeGCOlOQaORN_f4wtsLNg	The color brown exists because Chuck Norris scared the shit out of while.
70mKmpWrQ9-onbyK6moAJQ	In WWII, the U.S. Army wanted to name their tank the Chuck Norris Tank. Chuck said it was not badass enough to be named after him. We know it now as the Sherman Tank.
c-3yrrglr0ouxifeo2rzsw	In the movie "The Matrix", Chuck Norris is the Matrix. If you pay close attention in the green "falling code" scenes, you can make out the faint texture of his beard.
Ma1tKI0LSziPxP2uYEElAg	The duck billed platypus is the result of a duck being roundhouse kicked in the head far to close to a beaver by Chuck Norris. The fact yay they have a pouch is a testament to the genetically altering properties of a Chuck Norris Roundhouse kick to the head.
gDorErXbTNSSwOMBPGo_lg	Lindsay Lohan once swam through 150 yards of the Fort Worth, TX sewer system just to get a peek of Chuck Norris' asshole while he was taking a shit.
KDCVFFi-RjS3_RH50D4XvQ	A child once got a Chuck Norris action figure for his b-day and he made the mistake of calling it a doll... he hasn't come out of the coma yet
9b69VpxvS--j9Nb2HlyO6g	Chuck Norris laughs at Tiger Woods' pathetic attempts to get to his level.
_pNDVaudRISSjG1cVYTM3Q	Chuck Norris once beat Bobby Fischer at chess in a single move. That move was a roundhouse kick. That's why Fisher went crazy and died at the same age as the squares on a chessboard.
S8JeYXgPTCyxHlskLbC6qg	Chuck Norris never actually gets hit by punches and kicks, he actually is performing a fighting style where he smashes the limbs of his foes with his face.
8-xhj_T8QQmfqnTGNOON-w	when women r having sex with god they all scream out "Chuck Norris!!!"
VUWK2b0lQEuSMpwdwo0TeA	Submission of Chuck Norris facts is known add inches in males and increased bust size in females.
dnKbjh3RSfGXfcp5Rwiy9Q	The Grand Canyon was caused by Chuck Norris pissing there--Once.
TyMcsGpTQ_-lAcj3s-grQg	Paul Newman has Chuck Norris's Own salad dressing and mayo.
AgqkfzinSrucbYB9A1Agqg	People add inches to their biceps by using dumbbells; people add a foot to their bicep submitting Chuck Norris facts.
KbE6YXouSR6C9isJ1sJwHw	Chuck Norris invented beer & pizza. He also invented the wheel but it doesn't taste as good at a Superbowl parties.
2YMRhljsSLytVi5KdVY5KA	Chuck Norris doesnt clean house the house cleans him
dTwjPFFAT_-Fmwj8ffiKtg	Chuck Norris can kill Liberty Prime in one hit with a BB Gun.
d_JgUCXFSDGyLMq5NQjw3w	Chuck Norris tied the New Boyz down with one hand behind his back
hxX8J_SMTeCwao3frW9gbQ	Robin Hood was partially based on Chuck Norris, in that Norris would rob from the rich. But Robin Hood never roundhouse-kicked the poor. Or the rich, for that matter.
O-M07w1JTTWLnWBHeRk9Kg	SNAKE PLISSKIN MAKES CHUCK NORRIS LOOK LIKE A SCHOOL GIRL BABY BACK BITCH !!!!!!
g8M92DccRYqmF5wh2hnr_w	The Chuck Norris commandments: Thou shall not misuse your lord Chuck Norris name. (Chuck 1:3)
3q5-Gt4wQSWG2ofCSy031Q	Chuck norris is my nigga.
jSy8jwZLQgKNJW0PBhMZAg	Chuck Norris can turn out the light, brush his teeth and get into bed before the room gets dark.
gl2szsfwsxulm8ciyqjivw	The air around Chuck Norris is always a balmy 78 degrees.
QJJWKkgfQ82g3ZESNhS9Aw	Chuck Norris beat a game of Super Mario Bros.(1985) by just pressing the start button
teltuml1sggj65zsyrsjtg	Chuck Norris can blow bubbles with beef jerky.
F6v0fEXeREek9FnF6_9k4A	Chuck Norris was being interviewed and was asked what he thought about politics. Chuck said "I think Joe Biden puts the "Vice" in Vice President"!
KJS1qY2ITeK_K7RcBE0M-Q	Every year on February 2, Chuck Norris eats a live groundhog, predicts the weather around his mansion for the entire year with 100% accuracy, then bangs Bill Murray's daughter.
IGRCDmDOT8CHjzfNA9kpwg	Chuck Norris' crotch cakes do not taste like Twinkies.
KQKsLxaJT7asihUnzcsaJw	Chuck Norris has gone green! He just ate the Incredible Hulk.
7JhzEph_SrWlmhki1B29gQ	Chuck Norris Chuck Norris Chuck Norris Chuck Norris Chuck Norris Chuck Norris SHUT UP! no. Chuck Norris Chuck Norris Chuck Norris Chuck Norris Chuck Norris (keeps on saying it.)
iLXmhMhYRxuEyB37msB5mw	Chuck Norris has a vacation home on the sun.
iYX_RKt8R0uhwaVexbfE6A	Chuck Norris once went over Mach 4 using a hang glider.
wC7XMlsAT_O-eJoXWDjRmQ	Chuck Norris makes a world famous tray of chocolate chip/macadamamia flavored Snickerdoodle cookies from his dingle berries and toe jam.
ivbKmIPAQQimO32cKmernw	Chuck Norris recently drank a large glass of liquid Ebola, then state that anyone who is scared of it is a total pussy.
N1csrGVCSb-sye88kguC1Q	A talk show host told Chuck Norris that Justin Bieber is a no talent, lying, lowdown, egg sucking dog. Chuck said "that's not true, Bieber does not like eggs".
xjxvc9u4SPSq88cxFxcVyw	A reporter asked Chuck Norris how he would describe Kim Kardasian: Actress? Socialite? Chuck pondered this and replied "naw, she's mostly a soul brother-fucker".
Sz666pc0Sz61Cl0_AjCD7g	Chuck Norris knows all the numbers in &#8719;
lJ7AXsAPSemZff_B21WV4A	Every pet Chuck Norris has owned could shoot laser beams out of there eyes
BlpF9c2tQ8GvgJXHQ0Zg9g	Chuck Norris's spit is the cure(they dont want you to know) for the swine flu
MKQkhlkaTwCOjzkOA4Yuwg	Chuck Norris is not only a noun but a verb
JtSAf7NWQruhZn4ZGGGxaQ	They once made Chuck Norris toilet paper. The only problem was that it wouldn't take shit from no one!
zQAMeqQyTmKsGgrWdiBa_Q	Little known fact: Chuck Norris was, briefly, the only Spice Boy. He was known as Violent Spice.
O2DVbXZFR2eegZpvFVhvUg	Chuck Norris is FATHER Nature.
6L4QJ0VFQPC0PvhBWsrZEA	Chuck Norris has 3 birthdays a year
mh-3IE9ySYKIzNdFoueDcA	Chuck Norris died yesterday. He's fine today.
qp_3uB3bSm6kwYumjQc6bA	For the rare occasions that Chuck Norris sleeps: An electric chair must be used in combination with 56 - 60 sledgehammer blows to the face in order for Chuck Norris to be awoken. Chuck Norris immediately becomes enraged and destroys his surroundings soon after being awoken.
SYUwLNQWQeq8aYZMnmgCIQ	A Handicap parking sign does not signify that this spot is for handicapped people. It is actually in fact a warning, that the spot belongs to Chuck Norris and that you will be handicapped if you park there.
jePaSD59T2GhTPBY3zW1HA	Chuck Norris will liquify your kidneys and pancreas when he sneezes
SBGHXgnySDmn6SfdLkVWng	Chuck Norris was once offered the title of "The American Man" but declined it, For Chuck Norris is to awsome to be claimed by any country.
ltOIqO7nS1Wj905mV2XHdw	If you receive an invitation from Chuck Norris to attend a Texas Tea Party rally, it is actually his secret code for you to come over for a fun filled evening of jello shooters, beer pong & strip poker.
n3Lo6xzmQEG84GX7_DttwQ	Chuck Norris once kicked a foot ball so hard it went into orbit and took out the command ship of an alien armada that where plotting to take over the earth ... they soon changed there minds
J176L5q7TFyZESQOeIeyXw	when cjuck norris get bitten by a zombie, Chuck Norris doesnt turn into a zombie the zombire turns in to Chuck Norris
SMKcz4vcQ7S-vnQku4wZsg	Chuck Norris is better than Billy Madison's shampoo and conditioner.
jpWRorhwSSmVh4EzW00oXQ	There are no Chuck Norris Jokes. Only Chuck Norris Facts.
vI472gORT2GSyYkAKUkeuQ	The cosmic microwave background radiation is a remnant of Chuck Norris' birth.
NFo3Wb5lQ2C2ZcakS95Zfw	as a kid Chuck Norris carried out over 11 sucsessful scuicide bombing missions for the u.s. millitary... the most well known was his attack hiroshima
32f-BKdsTUCbbTSRLM3hIg	The so-called Most Interesting Man in the World prefers Dos Equis beer.   The truly Most Interesting Man in the World, Chuck Norris, always drinks American beer, thank you very fucking much.
_FQMFCdzThSl0eh6R3e80A	Chuck Norris went to Burger King and ordered a Big Mac, 6 piece chicken mcnugget , and a hot apple pie. AND GOT IT !!
fw_gwlvrsl-7fxjvezotuq	Chuck Norris doesn't believe in ravioli. He stuffs a live turtle with beef and smothers it in pig's blood.
BCP_II1FQeaj6dSw5m0uog	There once was a Chuck Norris toilet paper brand, but it would not take shit from anyone.
8sZ_4MsmSoqWAaLySUVWLQ	Chuck Norris is so hard he jumped from the effiel tower broke both his legs and walked to the hospital
9ae2luP8RP-9wqvC7ig4TA	Someone once put Chuck Norris on hold, that's where the term "Choke Hold" comes from.
_NPBsGp9Q1G7DpJZSKpkEg	In honour of Chuck Norris, McDonald's has introduced the McChuck Burger: nine slabs of ox meat, jalapenos, three live scorpions, an ounce of marijuana and a pint of tobasco sauce on two loaves of bread. $399, or $900 for the Happy Meal (with fries and a medium whiskey, and a signed picture of Norris' erection)
UksQAvEdSiCy9KO5WvwZXA	Chuck Norris is considered to be high-class Norristocrat.
BLaleSEETHGu63sYX8D19w	Nostradamus didn't predict his spectacular beheading by Chuck Norris
9SzR1HFhQYKgLmwr2dnYYQ	If Chuck Norris ever ruined your life, you'd probably want to kill him. But you couldn't.
pb9eeiVUT8uif6pWGRbQ2w	The National Weather Service was going to name a hurricane after Chuck Norris but television stations would not allow them to call it "Hurricane Fuck'em Up Chuck".
nj19y6OkQSu7n0tYiPn4FA	Chuck Norris once interrogated agent Smith.
N1SEvVeKQq-6uQbQ-MRR_Q	If Chuck Norris uploaded a video on youtube no matter how stupid it is, Boom. Millions of views and subscribers. That's how Chuck Norris has more subscribers than pewdiepie, In Fact: Everyone in the whole world subscribed him.
kAzfArpKSuqazJbsEtCU0Q	If a tree falls in the woods, not only did Chuck Norris hear it, he probably kicked that motherfucker over too.
hMjLKQYKSVyBR7ZpepvqMQ	Chuck Norris could bend Uri Geller with his mind. But he would prefer to brutally roundhouse kick him in the face if he ever comes back to America.
AZCXmffOQ7O1ixa3WEHdTg	I dont know why people make Chuck Norris jokes. chuck is just a dick, and oh hey how did you g
0oQpiaGmQdyLaI0-jvF5fw	Chuck Norris won the 2014 Pikes Peak Hillclimb in a shopping cart.
6n_S_KMYQWyZUIL_3_dJEw	Rifle barrels are modeled after Chuck Norris' urethra.
aN_mZ8nZTaqxEIJLzJOvyg	Chuck Norris eats testoster O's for breakfast every morning
JOprGjGYRHCklDd5mFgI5w	McGruff "takes a bite out of Crime." Chuck Norris prefers exterminating Crime.
Fgm6-JIoQQGin6NU6d4C2w	Chuck Norris has two penises one for sex and one for an extra nunchuck
fSe4CfeNR0a9BMHKUdZvmw	If you dont believe God exists, he doesnt believe you exist, and soon you should expect an explosive roundhouse kick to the face....(Chuck Norris is God.)
fms3POOHQXe6HnNfXHT-SA	Chuck Norris can drink a bucket of KFC.
t0lIk7g0S9Strsc17X8IQg	Chuck Norris fought the Law and Chuck won. No law can hold back Chuck Norris.
hU2UZbwZQIqyFgZsgKmSQA	Chuck Norris has a devil-may-be-terrified-of-me attitude.
wlmypgkkrlgjguoyhc2e0q	Chuck Norris doesn't go on the internet, he has every internet site stored in his memory. He refreshes webpages by blinking.
s4ymkruzsks7loog8eqsya	Chuck Norris hosting is 101% uptime guaranteed.
O0316s2nRiCwqudhsGt-cg	Chuck Norris just returned home this morning from a martial arts demonstration in Yemen.
phz8eDrnRM-WQ_Mfx66aZw	You know... Chuck Norris KNOWS Victoria's Secret... when he looks in the mirror his reflection runs away   Probably his greatest accomplishment:   He once round-house kicked someone so far his ody went back through time and hit Amelia Airheart's plane and it was shot down over the Pacific Ocean
tPYemfnCQMqgjCB3GObnLA	Chuck Norris recently died. But he got better.
amXVBASqTrOQZ897Ci6p_Q	Chuck Norris once defeated the Statue of Liberty in a Stop Dance Contest.... at kindergarten!
wpt5242st2a2o5ikacsbxw	Chuck Norris was what Willis was talkin' about.
KblMz12hRiSsV01hwHc3Sg	when Chuck Norris go's on the tea cups at theme parks, he gives the cup whiplash.
_VBRL88ASyu1Z1mtpfQ0hA	DOTA:  1st kill- First Blood 2nd kill- Double Kill 3rd kill- Triple Kill 4th kill- Monster Kill 5th kill- god-like 6th kill- Beyond god-like 7th kill- Chuck Norris-like
Zv_oWNAkT-uo9pbeteoxKA	If you ever try to drop kick Chuck Norris, you should stay down there.
4v4RGNAlSIGXoM2NEClikg	Chuck Norris doesn't hate Chris
ehVEeeWNSuGR3t6eu6iczA	The mere sight/smell of Chuck Norris' back hair can make a woman haemorrage orgasms.
HidFgW2FSwSJ274LLwC19g	When Chuck Norris looks up, then down, left and right, then jumps, crouches, and punches the air three times, a gatling gun appears in hands out of nowhere.
ktkpahblQ2Ck0LSRyv0jag	...and then Chuck Norris kills you in your sleep.
m8qH40p6T0G5nPWmXK9CGw	Chuck Norris can make oxygen suffocate.
YpkaCP-PRgWy3W720701Uw	Chuck Norris is the 'n' in 'nth degree'.
d5e3fj3kQy2zQ0m5HGR13w	Chuck Norris can land a plane in Auto Pilot.
HvV2UGAoQNinHYc9Cafc6w	Chuck Norris can hear and speak sign language.
0F0sF-qRQYyUqDVrBQm9IQ	Chuck Norris doesn't look at the weather forecast. He DECIDES what the weather will be.
U4981xinR4WstOU1uet48A	When Chuck Norris was little, his parents bought him an anvil for his playpen. He broke it immediately.
hkOzGTBiQOqbNkuygLDaYg	jesus can walk on water, Chuck Norris can walk on lava
mWzdfierQ86xvXdhYHsELQ	Chuck Norris can kill a flock of birds with a grain of sand.
316AKmfgSVGCkNSJS__HLA	Chuck Norris frequently donates blood to the Red Cross. Just never his own.
nZKOBOeYTY-eNgeYAIOv1g	Chuck Norris ejaculated into the ocean and created the Sperm Whale.
Jf9K0ShERyafOUYhcQ-PjA	If it looks like chicken, tastes like chicken, and feels like chicken but Chuck Norris says its beef, then it's beef.
5rNIjC_ZR3KESvzL_TvAZQ	Chuck norris was the demon in "paranormal activity." and the demon in "the exorcism of emily rose" and "the exorcist." thanks chuck for killing that stupid fuckin micah guy!
v_JfZOQvSXykCe9gRYgwLA	Chuck Norris was in school and got an f later that day he broke every bone in his body
espieyuysgeopdhgcdrmjw	Chuck Norris can't test for equality because he has no equal.
JKf8LRuxQ5un6EWTdyqH4w	A crocodile attacked Chuck Norris while he swam in a Florida river. The same croc was seen at a local veterinarians office the next day attempting to get a set of teeth to replace his, as they were all missing.
tpIrAoSbTtaXz8nP2qp3kw	If the president ever pushes the "Big Red Button", Chuck Norris' cell phone will ring.
H3ohJniuTVqdTouOZ1Evew	what goes around comes around. what goes around Chuck Norris gets a roundhouse kick and never comes around.
KOCD3gMQQK68ffgcU1DhWA	when the devil went down to georgia, he wasn't looking for a soul to steal, Chuck Norris got in and took over hell before anyone could tell him to get the fuck out.
yYAmRPoeSYKP2xu8jfx_BQ	Chuck Norris answers the question of his metrosexuality by simply reaching his hand down the front of your pants and popping your balls like grapes.
uMow-r-RRo-AdgEKSyk6bA	Chuck Norris once hit a homerun and caught it.
jFtxROxVScuGG5AuJdRkOw	Chuck Norris can count past infinity.
NhdGZhcQTryY2PGYygkbKw	Chuck Norris went back to the past and impregnate hisself to make the purest chuck we know today. We can call him prime chuck.
eOIQd80LS82SJA9lkwf82A	Chuck Norris' personal Total Gym can transform into a helicopter.
5PnyxKR7SeyjFBj7petqUw	People who sue Chuck Norris get sawed by Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris likes to play with the law, words and dangerous tools.
f8FT4vRBQS6kvfFqQW7_zw	Staring at Chuck Norris photos has been known to suck out people's will to live. DON'T LOOK AT THAT PHOTO!
7CUfCU6yR-aUS2uziK4cEw	Chuck Norris can slaughter Lebron at a game of one-on-one. Then he slaughters the spectators.
jgBfuo33QtWr2ta_hUtIMg	Chuck Norris invented the hemorrhoid thermometer.
X_PsIL_OTQyJv6pLGqFheQ	Chuck Norris was distacted by a gay man with a celery stick in his ass hole so the gay guy died
fwz9IOJST7mM7IoHestDSA	Those big men escorting Chuck Norris during public appearances aren't body guards, they're in the Federal Witness Protection Program.
WvF15mz8TpuBr4VLKNCihQ	Chuck Norris...the Man, the Legend, but never the Myth.
t8sKLqK2QQi4NTEJVmO3YQ	Chuck Norris is so u- *gun shot* nhhhhfgressgfhyrvntwscvnutdc
uecCpRH4QjqwDx46nk4V4g	On Chuck Norris' birthday, one lucky child gets chosen to be thrown into the sun.
RLB0EULmRD6yLmruAlltzg	Chuck Norris knows Victoria's secret.
awS8JJVkS12XEHUKCWU9OQ	Chuck Norris uses a violin bow as a toothpick.
OKcb-bcxQjaRlMzQLSSypg	Jack was nimble, Jack was quick, but Jack still couldn't dodge Chuck Norris' roundhouse kick.
YdnCN7d5QS2Z0KtlXKRzLw	BAD IDEA-Following Chuck Norris on Twiter WORSE IDEA-Following Chuck Norris in person NO ONE follows Chuck Norris and lives
5xncbuVAQIyDYzNcwzUVcQ	You know when you have so much fun it feels like time flies by so fast....... That's Chuck Norris telling Father Time to hurry up and get to the part where he roundhouse kicks you to death
wy6zhcgbsygpjrxqx1syiq	Chuck Norris is his own line at the DMV.
sDAeyFL5S561c6ps3uKEbA	chances are by the time you meet Chuck Norris, you've already been roundhoused.
nbGyc81LS2WB2P3JY5MalQ	Chuck Norris' scrotum has calluses.
1ImsbTzKQSSsCr-JoM8Y4Q	Chuck Norris found 1000 mini nukes and 1 Fat Man after leaving his vault.
wMPtbstoRZ60gPdGwlrZ8g	Chuck Norris can create a Black Hole.
dD9Efr1VR3yMUtwq5XlsvA	Chuck Norris can talk backwards. In Chinese.
jSgf1gAwSi2zKzd2pcs-Hg	If at first you do not succeed.......you are not Chuck Norris
n_uaFmaYRJChd075fCK9Bg	Osama Bin Laden's current location: gaffer-taped to the underside of Chuck Norris' Hummer. Norris will hand him in after he has returned from his road trip to Alaska.
iceymh7_siixjrhoqgnwgq	Scotty in Star Trek often says "Ye cannae change the laws of physics." This is untrue. Chuck Norris can change the laws of physics. With his fists.
KvjdQ1-RQxqTtVRk5ojong	Einstein was a genius. Chuck Norris is a genios, genious, and a genius.
jrKbsNvFTdmfksbf4H2KMg	Chuck Norris once destroyed a city to prove a point When asked Chuck Norris said The point was I can destroy a city.
dyggEo00T9Wx0peOZD0yeg	"For Chuck Norris so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, Chuck Norris, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life."  -- John 3:16
rctr2qpKT3im9t5eoM2qCg	Chuck Norris is thankful for everything he's got. And that is everything on this planet, including the planet
XwAvSG6cTl2uOC3wAEWF0g	Chuck Norris sank the Titanic because it was his nickname.
-pKGtP8JRMOnAdiLaEkxEQ	Chuck Norris visited this website before. But he didn't submit a fact, he looked all 8616 facts. That includes this fact.
kb9fPTXsSzyPa8rmCAT6-A	There are many people in this old world that have had an eyeball knocked out of one of their eye sockets because they say that they didn't see a Chuck Norris roundhouse coming. They all say that they have learned a valuable lesson & from now on they'll always keep an eye out for Chuck Norris.
Sfx6H9w-Szukf7o_SjEvUg	Chuck Norris has no enemies, he only has victims
V9yzAKMMQ36W9boksYAfkw	Teacher: why is the sky blue? Student: the sky is blue because Chuck Norris's favorite color is blue. Teacher: 100/100
AX493pHXR-KSu7-POvwl_w	Recent testimonials from women worldwide have equated Chuck Norris' penis to that of a rivet gun.
X_71ZIn3S7qmFupekVApYw	Chuck Norris knows what he's gonna get in a box of chocolates
6M53wgo7RkicbTpCNfw0Jw	Chuck Norris can kick his way out of a black hole's Schwartzchild radius.
6N1nctxFTnui1dn9JqcAUQ	Chuck Norris. A man of goddamn action.
DF5ewSDZSgWPNz-XsEv3KA	If you ask Chuck Norris what time it is, he'll answer 'Two seconds 'till...' When you ask him 'Two seconds 'till what?', that's when he roundhouse kicks you in the face
6OWNMxhyR7eiIqVUy2NZvg	Chuck Norris can rhyme orange with month.
zzBfaLqdQGGrUyoMPFBNJg	Chuck Norris' idea of a relaxing evening stroll is walking through East Detroit at midnight.
9lK4UZw1RMabq1DO8ocxNQ	Chuck Norris once ace the test, just by staring at the numbers.
78BMovKMT-SkskXTa_i_CQ	Everyone is born naked and crying, except Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris was born dressed as a little soldier, and came out marching.
wTCi7X_4S-eS_ZqzyPUPDw	Chuck Norris once saved Superman's life. Just to kill him again.
Q3sxrdV2T_CqPphubDU4Ag	It's a well-known fact that the most lethal substance on Earth is Chuck Norris adrenaline.
k6F6auU1QnKinukOwGa1oQ	Chuck Norris puts the "hurt" in yoghurt.
ntoadBdBS0-huClGnTnBEQ	Alcohol only makes Chuck Norris a stronger, louder, more efficient American killing machine.
_liDhXVJSJuaCAC_SGbTTg	Chuck Norris can pull off a 97-hit combo in under eight seconds when someone taps him on the shoulder.
K7neAnvnTn-ELAsD1EHC0g	Chuck Norris puts the "punch" in punch-line.
zkEByzvwRGCTYqLuhFRF0w	When a young boy asked for Chuck Norris' autograph, he gave him a good solid kick to the face and left a permanent boot mark. This is Chuck's unique autograph, and that boy's face is now worth more money than the treasure from King Tut's tomb.
AfPPbsi3TVau5GI46ZKJww	Chuck Norris abducts aliens
rp95SkbPR1-pwwc-jJ4K8w	Chuck Norris doesn't go to the bathroom, the bathroom goes to Chuck Norris
GHR5vKdfTuW_JsDlciBSHw	Chuck Norris play Texas Levitate, because he don't need to hold 'em.
xrfMcYmbR5WfiiOj_3Unfg	Stephen Hawking doesn't really have Lou Gehrig's Disease. He's been confined to his chair after angering Chuck Norris.
L7qM9T2aTrGPOnppvAVmFg	Google uses Chuck Norris as a search engine.
7YpiOGMZTf2hJtuirYdUcQ	Some people swallow live goldfish on a dare. Chuck Norris prefers live piranha.
amaoL5HsTQ-GwD_bRX9mQw	Einstein may have invented the therory of relativity- Chuck Norris invented the reality of kicking ass.
ADL7EWcxT1msQNh6w5-y2Q	Little Miss Muffet Sat on a tuffet, Eating her curds and whey; Along came a Chuck Norris, Who sat down beside her And said "Whatcha got in the bowl bitch?"
jdTXrJLQSOqM8Vh6123YzQ	Chuck Norris can pass an eye exam blind folded.
bidtt1gdrsallx9ui4tlvw	Chuck Norris' house has no doors, only walls that he walks through.
ZJGkB27nQcS9oBnPDhG0BQ	Chuck Norris can Fed-Ex a choking.
bCNSNnjWSEGOAnnYHtg9xA	Chuck Norris trims his beard with piranha"s.
X0zEsK5NTeeruKafcoFhDw	Iraq doesn't have any weapons of mass destruction. Chuck Norris lives in Ohio.
RcS2ikKpQPOnaKhPbiYSkQ	Chuck Norris is the reason for JAL flight 123
OWtcZkLgQ26DJ7fZSEj72w	Chuck Norris doesn't get called for jury duty.  He gets called on to act as executioner.
Xe8PylgRRNmM8th0N8tQbA	Colnel Sanders actually died by eleven of Chuck Norris' kicks and punches.
Z6UwulXoQPGoOOi2bKoO-g	Chuck Norris doesn't need haircuts because his hair knows when to back down.
XCDGDXziT1y099Rghui6qA	Chuck Norris doesnt flush his toilet, he scares the shit out of it.
oL3FFq4KT8KjIshqwwvX6A	Chuck Norris always gets laid on the first date.....always
NpyvvqQJQWeJFGonvTrWDg	Chuck Norris recently did the ice-bucket challenge. And naturally, it turned to steam before it could hit him.
99i2pfwpr0sscfyjctywsw	Since 1940, the year Chuck Norris was born, roundhouse-kick related deaths have increased 13,000 percent.
C1d66xfyRBiE00y2uQIQoA	Chuck Norris once went to the Virgin Islands. Now they are just called The Islands
mn8e9d3lQpK2gXrBVV8vnw	They haven't perfected cloning yet because when they cloned Chuck Norris, his clone couldn't fly.
nYOVGEFyTSGWNJBILV6x8Q	Chuck Norris once rounded up every American who was a left-wing, tree-hugging, queer-lovin', anti-gun-ownin' Commie-Pacifist and banished them North.   This is the story of how Canada was founded.
IHkjI5-qSDel8EePlSqh4Q	The one and only time Chuck Norris ever took a hit of LSD, he wrote the theme song to 'The Beverly Hillbillies".
Zsg3kxtAR6OLdO3h_-h5sw	The owl knows how many licks it takes to get to the center of a toostie-roll-pop. Chuck Norris knows how many licks it takes to get to the center of a 5,000 pound boulder. Both take 3, only because Chuck was savoring the flavor.
eBdr9f_wS_CKXzI8C-lNJA	Paramedics are now being taught to ask a person regaining conciousness- What's your name? How many fingers? What's the greatest Chuck Norris movie? And the answer had better fucking be Delta Force.
TAfEYk5-RPOEQZKsbLqlGg	Chuck Norris can kick you once and give you three ass whippings.
fqKw-StkSCWI-BHEQ0SaiQ	Chuck Norris knows what a mystery meal tasts like.
jkjXzO15TPqsHoH_sXnDaw	While some people prefer peanut butter or jam on their toast, Chuck Norris prefers napalm.
Z2kX2v9WQSev8Z4MY4xkIA	Whenever Chuck Norris sees a world touched by war, thousands of soldiers dying and mortars exploding, guns guns and more guns are firing....He really just wants to nuke the crap outta it.
gvBRpg-6RZSl2JDIET3nqg	Kids play jumprope. Chuck Norris plays jumpanaconda.
s7EfuBFxRMaiRNcL85cM-A	Chuck Norris shaves his scrotum with a potato peeler.
wC2KEiQGTGWvBoWgjUkHMg	Chuck Norris doesn't eat limes. He eats limestone.
K1CU-CpAQDq77jqOxvmG-A	Chuck Norris doesn't smile, his mouth smiles for him.
T4aok2dnShmxsZ4JOHZJwg	Chuck Norris taught Moses how to use a GPS
kR5RQ_S7QwWbcmF18s9upA	Chuck Norris invented airplanes because he was tired of being the only person that could fly.
W4hxZSdjSQmZGOpTSrYvLQ	If you try to drop kick Chuck Norris, you should stay down there.
elbG5YndR-eTdqwiEW2xEw	In Hollywood, the abbreviation HD stands for Chuck Norris.
S8aJrHcfRJC0GBuVjyQ2YQ	Chuck Norris has the Confederate flag tattooed to the roof of his mouth.
1NRVwl6OSui6IApqxrl_mw	Chuck Norris now lives in Eagle Pass. He has a set of balls made out of brass. When they clang together, They cause stormy weather. And lighting shoots out of his ass.
qgd0X5AsRFKN4niycP-eXg	It's not that Chuck Norris is Bullet Proof, it's that Bullets aren't Chuck Norris Proof
0aAAcaj1SZCA_rkqRQmdYA	An elephant never forgets Chuck Norris.
iVjoIAYUTwqcd3STI6nk8A	The pizza delivery boy tips Chuck Norris.
Hcqs3r4VSFGm8_FpJsJhCg	The Shroud Of Turin is simply the bedsheet Chuck Norris and sixteen women lost their virginity on.
VPGonsFbQzGsUWQH1YaWgQ	Chuck Norris uses the Shroud of Turin as a lobster bib.
riiYlQ9BRneu8Ay9utblBQ	Chuck Norris wants your soul. Chuck Norris will EAT your soul.
AeHiP1r7RPuL0J7zQlf_6w	Elizabeth Taylor's last words were - "I only ever loved Chuck Norris".
IHbQfDmrRtqYOuk_E7ZwnQ	Chuck Norris can draw a perfect circle with a ruler.
NpAlYC5mSmiqmIUViz-xnQ	Chuck Norris taught Kirk Hammet, Tom Morrello, and Jimi Hendrix. With a ukelele.
BsBo5OYnQcWS78c8rRzdSQ	When the Mormons knock on Chuck Norris' door, Chuck Norris sends them to heaven.
JbrfFdhsS1i3-Nr8WPy7ng	Chuck Norris' penis has a Ph.D in sexual education. It also has a pretty mean golf swing.
50yMiQYcTsGVYHhvIZdB0Q	How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could Chuck Norris? Fucking ALL of it.
41b6Lmt6QCqFtdQbMhjhYQ	Chuck Norris wouldn't do anything for love. Love would do anything for Chuck Norris.
VK-7RRBMR4mydLRjB-L7Nw	Chuck Norris can roundhouse kick Batman's prep time
IUUFcQAgQVm9TveMLchvQg	Chuck Norris used an abacus to solve the final digit of pi.
pfzReGf_TwWs9VUj7BIMGg	When Chuck Norris cuts an onion, the onion cries.
bdo-g3sjtowgdeneipfgrg	Chuck Norris qualified with a top speed of 324 mph at the Daytona 500, without a car.
yoYTppVNTyq1qn-rLoM9hw	Chuck Norris is the reason the penguins live in Antarctica.
6t7nphc6qjczd0q94tutwa	The word 'Kill' was invented by Chuck Norris. Other words were 'Die', 'Beer', and 'What'.
JJAAmEyFQcqlWInDZcvTJg	CHuck Norris' Mother has a tatoo of Chuck Norris on her right bicep.
PkBtXbtMQP2n6CuY7s-78w	Chuck Norris can comb his hair with a thunderbolt
-f6t08BVTUO-xzo6h6Jx3g	Chuck Norris doesn't have a watch, HE decides what time it is.
ltH4LFy5SdKlw7Qb799rOw	Chuck Norris is a 75 year old red neck ginger who only did B-rated movies and has been memed dry already. The only real fact about him on here....
wZ40aClmTdimkQtxZUJtLw	Chuck Norris killed the Earl of Sandwich and ate the fillets between two loaves of bread.
FNHdikcHQby3foTAD6iM3Q	Chuck Norris once struck lightning
wb1kcp6itj-5pk9md1-tiq	Chuck Norris invented the internet? just so he had a place to store his porn.
Caq9RCA9TuW_y4Ok4oM5Vg	'Old Glory' is also what Chuck Norris calls his package.
JlEPdFPyTzC8o3Ua8u9JHg	Chuck Norris invented time, so people know when theirs is up.
nVcPq99dSw6HgaBmCSEPCw	Chuck Norris plays paintball with live ammunition in Afghanistan.
eS5aMHycS8WyYN6K95h3ZQ	You may be wondering, 'why can't Chuck Norris use his incredible powers to end poverty, starvation and disease and bring about world peace?' Shut the fuck up, that's why.
szIa_gdFT8O7e4yG_E9ZVA	Chuck Norris watches the Watchmen.
e8qTGVJxQdqgAF4QHdf6kQ	Chuck Norris is jewish and was born in mordor,,and thus so,his foreskin is in fact,,the ring of power...
co57yQZlRxmwytd4i0ihBA	Internet service dies each time someone on your ISP tries to submit a dry Chuck Norris fact.
1aRrse8jQ1u3mLTWd9_Clw	Chuck Norris can eat a crayon and a marker and shit  out a masterpiece
bHeYZi2CTRi8M7iwd86dBA	Bad news - Chuck Norris got sick last week and died. Good news - He's feeling much better now and went back to work yesterday.
RiLQ66DWRy6gyG5l8Mnwgw	The Black Death, which occurred in the 14th century, resulted after Chuck Norris got hold of some bad pussy and sneezed for two days.
BJcBbYBYQJi7Ee3cFgCbGw	Chuck Norris' eyes can un-pixellate any criminal's face on the TV.
UZ9Wz7Q4RLeWm4bL9PdMaA	When Chuck Norris brutally murders you, he will send the cleanup bill to your immediate family, and they'd better fucking pay.
kM4TrzVxRPi6WAoxbLTJQw	Chuck Norris' mom always looks forward to every Mothers Day. Her loving son always provides her favorite gift...an uppercut.
wfNAvMrARKKNaLU5392sEg	Once upon a time Chuck Norris took a swim in the oceans, ever since it has remained salty from Chuck Norris' sweat.
xL12_-6RRBaJ8e7NBhi5kw	If a Domino's driver is late delivering your pizza, the pizza is free of charge. If a Domino's driver is late with Chuck Norris' pizza, that driver immediately loses his life. (And all future pizzas Chuck orders are free of charge)
gGB2h0BbRqeW9so_TIvFEg	Santa needs an army of elves and a team of reindeer to produce and deliver presents for the world. Chuck Norris could do the same with no help whatsoever.
-NVPQKIeSk-BCQqD31vfiQ	don't try Chuck Norris at home
XK5qunRyS6-mRrZjlCREOQ	Sharks go Chuck Norris diving
sP2GYMlORKeAXxHVTQQMug	Chuck Norris was not born. He kicked his mother off of him.
xr8XIA1iRN24ul8MjIu4yA	Chuck Norris is so hard that he mows the lawn with his teeth.
Y2r6UIsfRhG8GHBbURF7UA	Chuck Norris can cast Tenth Level Spells under First Edition rules.
cgcBXiu_SZyAX94jjqEUiw	When I found out about this site, I roundhouse kicked it so hard it suddenly got a link to the Hugh Jackman fact generator. Nice guy. I went fishing with him once.  Then I kicked his ass. Because I'm f***ing Chuck Norris.
t9AZMT4ESFCn4lNMaho_wg	Chuck Norris is widely considered the greatest hip-hop artist of all time.
iZuq8uvzRsmbhPv8x6VLoA	Chuck Norris is in Hawaii researching a role as an&#65279; old, beardless man, so he can teach Daniel Day-Lewis to lie the fuck down once in a while.
p8viz37nQg-h2tnmfADLng	Chuck Norris once round house kicked a bear while on a survival trek in Siberia. That incident was known as the Tunguska event.
duwd0GInQpatVur-ADHLeQ	Chuck Norris can understand Van Damme.
E3tpO6YHTAST7fUE4kqXHw	Nobodies perfect... Except Chuck Norris that is.
TatkHLbYSICTcBd9pZl7ZA	The original idea for the show Survivor was to put people on a island with Chuck Norris.............there were NO survivors and no one is brave enough to go retrive the footage!
K3MXOtdhRaWe4gVvp1R5NA	Chuck Norris hangs out on #jquery at irc.freenode.net.
BunerXI9Tiiem2fbK0eElA	Chuck Norris was born with an Apgar score of 57.
xpPCHOR8QBucAOsg92CBcg	Oily gets Chuck Norris.
qNgPyDMuQWu8FXIQlHhJIQ	Chuck Norris can blow candles back on.
8k5Jr1NjQHiIeKjPynfCSg	Richard Simmons is an example of someone acknowledging the existence of Chuck Norris. Before they met, Richard was originally known as Fabio.
IayIIUu6TiSpiZcZFSt-BQ	There is no adultery mother, there's just Chuck Norris in town.
IqjT_AEKSxihIS0PCIwYkg	Chuck Norris dosent have any hair on his balls because hair dosent grow on steel!!!!!!!!
Hxjt53GtRvWoDlkLM0LECA	chuck Norris is the last # in pi and that's why nobody has found it, cause you don't find chuck Norris... he find's... hold on i hear the door bell
96GTgdS0QsGGhOs6G9aPxQ	Chuck Norris doesn't trust you as far as he can throw you. Which is a fucking long way.
SGH7_KaOQQSKHxpwHhrMVg	Chuck Norris can lick his eyebrows and breathe through his ears. That's why the ladies love him so much.
mBYckMkwRW-XDrK3CbX1yw	Chuck Norris graduated Summa Cum Laude at Harvard after only 1 class.
PtalnbLyQfSvmQ7nnKyXNg	Chuck Norris can kick u in the back of the face
qgshozvsrboyqdbqa-vz3q	To Chuck Norris, everything contains a vulnerability.
LYHdp93PTwe0JqRlz2bNcA	When Chuck Norris throws a ball, it crushes someone like a wrecking ball. I blame miley cyrus.
4_8teslmQ4KdPujX_oZjAg	Chuck Norris once shot a chicken in the head, without a gun, and a bullet, and a chicken present!
-VN3RF3TROu9aMpNwPRuEQ	As a child, Chuck Norris asked for and received a car full of clowns for his birthday parties every year. Without fail, he would beat the shit out of each and every one.
TL9N2IAHRESsKifhl5CMgA	Chuck Norris committed the act hara-kiri last night. Later, he cleaned up the mess, cooked up some breakfast and went bass fishing.
4JiABIF2Qxa3sU2eYiYg8w	Chuck Norris' licence plate reads "YOU'RE GODDAMN RIGHT THIS IS THE BIGGEST AND LONGEST VANITY PLATE U EVA SEEN IN YOUR PATHETIC LIFE"
NUzXx4JpSR2Dh9_weqCmGA	Some are born great (Chuck Norris), some achieve greatness (Chuck Norris) and some have greatness thrust upon them (Chuck Norris).
4BNmh4fiRliBXmNJ5sGBew	Whenever Chuck Norris moves from point A to point B, the Jaws music plays, and no one has been able to figure out where it's coming from.
ctRXzRxMQX2XqvjV-9fBqg	There was never anything wrong with Achilles' heel until he got mad and decided to kick Chuck Norris.
vhyuanawsl-rpq18bwwgfq	Chuck Norris programs occupy 150% of CPU, even when they are not executing.
H2yyUcIDSJ2IrIgk7ERg7w	Chuck Norris has no wrinkles in his sack.
FAghSfgJQmmfuWJ77m1EIg	When Chuck Norris makes cupcakes, the frosting on them is blood, just not his.
CriqIsbTR_WOzGRwYQq1TA	9 out of the last 10 women that had sex with Chuck Norris died from lethal injection. The other one died from throbbing penal asphyxiation.
ZLx_uNhmTU2U48fdSl0IjQ	When Chuck Norris Roundhouse kicks your ass you say thank you sir may I have another.
qxsbf-jeq_act5a4bbwavq	The Drummer for Def Leppard's only got one arm. Chuck Norris needed a back scratcher.
WaxjQUfoQX-hR6H0rxtjZA	Chuck Norris can flip a pan using a pancake
ePxytX56SqKGzNGJFB1kbg	When Chuck Norris travels from Africa to North America, he crosses through the Bermuda triangle
rpXHoEOnQH6bE4wabfAmdQ	When chuck Norris does division, there are no remainders.
LOkwmSLrR1CE8L_HRYjwjg	They say lightning never strikes in the same place twice - tell that to last guy to receive a one,two punch from Chuck Norris.
zZ6upK94Q6eu8QL-MwaW2g	Chuck Norris beat Minecraft
KI4cd1NTQgGWJ5gQ35Kuyw	The eye of Chuck Norris' penis is all seeing, all knowing.
v9lhw6TpRzOJ8xjKKNiPng	Chuck Norris can create a rock so big he can't lift it, then hurl it through your kidneys, then make a bigger rock and lift it.
yZCHbI11QfmeLtyJlt8H5g	Jesus came to earth just to meet Chuck norris
dmee09ESQ6qt5mMI19sNwg	UFO's don't stay long because they know Chuck Norris did not invite them
fcxWj2KQQLmM0a3zLSFeQg	It's Chuck Norris' world; we are just living in it.
X7-a4AdNQiK7v2XjeFf6nw	Chuck Norris doesn't need vacuum to clean kis carpet he makes the carpet clean itself
AStmI8FRTTGoY6qBz3QwvA	Chuck Norris name is in the webster's dictionary under roundhouse kick and above god.
KRsiPre6QGOO73dQawX5jw	Chuck Norris completed world of warcraft with out killing or looting anything.
Txg6RMWLQ7WSb8P-_WDwjA	If Chuck Norris stretches every muscle in his body, he'll suck up the universe because of high gravity.
obxGcrcdQaGXt6b8PFW84w	That Russian meteor wasn't a meteor. It was a Chuck Norris sperm. The shockwave was the orgasm. The unlucky women were your mom, sister, aunt, and daughter.
ys--0t_-rrifz5jtcparbg	Some people ask for a Kleenex when they sneeze, Chuck Norris asks for a body bag.
rgxflbh9qx-i51rt3o3-xq	Chuck Norris describes human beings as "a sociable holder for blood and guts".
qAFJ3gkQTuusq8GdET7i4w	Chuck Norris had a confirmed kill count of over 50 by his third birthday.
QKOoiJgoSkiJBO_2OzGEmw	When Chuck Norris was born, He got a choice - A big dick or a good memory. Chuck Norris can't remember what he chose.
zdj0bfkjsmup6pkb2rpmbw	Chuck Norris is the only human being to display the Heisenberg uncertainty principle - you can never know both exactly where and how quickly he will roundhouse-kick you in the face.
KH0GrRRrQw6_i2lwfjUAow	No one said Draco Malfoy, They said Chuck Norris.
oLYWDjAEQIyIuuVZs4knsA	Chuck Norris had sex with an air hostess. Nine months later, the Boeing gave birth to a litter of apache helicopters.
upArKEpaTu2-IvzKRZ1ZwA	Chuck Norris was the only senior in his high school.
ixj8vHsfSmic7BGoacVkKg	If you're a horse, here's a little advice: Never look a gift CHUCK NORRIS in the mouth!
GAHgQmxFQeSobFrm31kxVA	ONLY REASON WHY JUSTIN BIEBER IS ALIVE IS BECAUSE CHUCK NORRIS IS HOMOPHOBIC
RUc4zUf4S6-5EOIVyJ2UiA	What's the differance between Chuck Norris' penis and a beer tap? Nevermind, I'll just go get my own mug of beer.
bfiDtgLbTqOODz8s6FzKkQ	Chuck Norris can beat The Impossible Quiz with 0 losses.
l7FpbD_oSOuEnrvsUauUWQ	Chuck Norris invented calculus in order to keep track of how many people he kills.
OX_ZOf02Sda7h3SWCLPmAw	In "Way of the Dragon",Bruce Lee bribed Chuck Norris to let him live.
PuP6ipPsSfq0t_djvRAtzQ	In a new western movie his fellow actors ride horses. Chuck Norris rides a Velociraptor. Bareback.
2gYW0wjZRuaM0eGiu2d-4Q	The world is supposed to end in 2012. Chuck Norris must be retiring.
mUhoKvOEQWS5kV4tnfvM0g	Women are known to undergo involuntary ovulation at the sight of Chuck Norris.
YtsTPAN7Qs26VCAk1g3fdg	Chuck Norris just had an incredible lesbian orgy with Nicole Kidman, Penelope Cruz and Katie Holmes. He then mailed the footage to Tom Cruise as a birthday present.
7WUmthcYR6ezl9WsqLW1OA	Chuck Norris bought a whole chicken and ate only its soul
yvGZt_YlTy-Q58qLCOX76w	The more Chuck Norris facts you submit the better your chance of going to heaven.
3Z2d5DEPS-GfufpK5LaURw	Chuck Norris never cheats on his wives. The word 'cheat' would imply that they didn't know Chuck's deal going in.
irKXY3NtTXGe6W529sVlOg	Chuck Norris once had a running race with a tortoise. In the middle of the race, Chuck Norris decided to take a nap. The tortoise managed to cover the distance and win the race while Chuck Norris was sleeping.  On realizing he had won the race, the shocked and fear-stricken tortoise ran and hid in the depths of the Pacific ocean.   Long story short, Chuck Norris has the shell of that tortoise hung on the wall of his house as a message to everyone that "No one wins Chuck Norris, no matter what".
6WN66ZfOQYa-OYuHzXRMyQ	Chuck Norris won on TV's "Jeopardy" game show by answering every question with "Who is Chuck Norris".
7R2yUZjATVmFEFZi9eQDaA	Cavemen didn't invent fire; Chuck Norris merely snapped his fingers and gave it to them
iCynpUSRSp2p4TIX4LYlmQ	After Michael Jackson's death, investigators turned a blind eye to the huge Chuck Norris-shaped hole in the bedroom wall.
Z7iw8A-VTWSSoaeIWToLMg	Chuck Norris' tongue has an egg beater effect on twats and is often confused with a rivet gun.
-LqIlupLSyiTs3V8FDXO9g	Chuck Norris is Strong Enough for a Man, But Made For a Woman.
7zHhW4RGQ4CdFzQJh56uJQ	During Osama's autopsy, study shows that a US Navy Seal did not kill Osama. Chuck Norris created a roundhouse kick so powerful, it traveled faster than the speed of light and striking through the head of Bin Laden by a mere 5 seconds faster than the US Navy Seals bullet.
GkRN2yYDSQS1AZ4QuFusVw	Chuck Norris gets 95% in a 50-50 partnership.
AvuI-M6EQjCRyMC5AisWZQ	According to an assay report filed with the Texas Dept of Minerals & Land Mgt, Chuck Norris' front yard is comprised of 37.8% silver ore, 14.7% iron ore, 12.2% gold, 11% other tangent minerals & 24.3% fragmented skulls.
tmvoiypqt5qrnbjulekwwg	Chuck Norris once shat blood - the blood of 11,940 natives he had killed and eaten.
g3pR_qoSQReGJj55q3etWw	Chuck Norris can catch a fly with his eyelids.
aem9ea1jrwyuwtdmsh4x7a	Chuck Norris is the only man who has, literally, beaten the odds. With his fists.
kayrLh6lQLWUe7O_bJDNtg	Chuck Norris can roundhouse kick you in the balls, face, and back of the head at the same time.
ypadC8n4RvShBH3NmnmCoA	The original idea for the game Left4DEAD, was to have the four survivors run around fighting the horde of undead left by Chuck Norris, eventually Defeating him and killing his horde of minions, however, halfway through production, the creators saw the error of their ways when no matter how hard they tried, they could not get the in game Chuck to die, cause no one can kill the Norris!
_tFkAwepSc6mcgyy-1UhdA	Chuck Norris completed his bucket list when he was 14. He officially retired that year.
fc80VfCRR2KFL0ykyrWKOQ	Chuck Norris can kill a living room
VY1uPeYbQLyifbl6Tw4RcQ	chuck Norris died and lived to tell the tale!
cZ_yrVksRzCQ7ZRN_tpYLw	Originally, the movie Alien vs Predator was called Alien and Predator vs Chuck Norris. It was canceled because no one wanted to see a movie that is 30 seconds long.
EozgDl2fRA-NPN8WOp0UyQ	Chuck Norris never explains what the sodomy has to do with anything.
UosWpKPqQ0G--ZXcsLic4w	Mother Nature doesn't mess with Chuck Norris.
i3ri7iiurh6l1vnvtqow2a	When Chuck Norris calls 1-900 numbers, he doesn't get charged. He holds up the phone and money falls out.
gt41FVisSvG42v-p3yd3HQ	Chuck Norris can roundhouse kick a window pane with such infinite presicion that only one side of it breaks.
JBdczIpcQAyZNNieoo8wjg	As a youngster, when kissing his grandmother good night, Chuck Norris would always slip her the tongue.
dDVHQfosSDurEN1ssvQvKQ	Chuck Norris can inseminate females of other species, just by burping the nephew.
ZHlFVdh5Rrutc3GXNvzjsQ	the firt rule of Chuck Norris clearly states...  NOT TO TALK ABOUT CHUCK NORRIS!!!
uW9ji8YiSI2Xhc70fnVwDw	Chuck Norris and Mr T walked into a bar. The bar promptly exploded as no one place in the known universe can hold that level of awesome.
w6GBWwCbRaisTLiLTdsS9w	Chuck Norris never sleeps
9WR3xwYDTRaLmfXCViZY2A	Chuck Norris is the only co-star he can work with.
oiSPIbOmTIOmX9xbUmkkPQ	When Chuck Norris guested on Hell's Kitchen, Gordon Ramsay did not swear once and heartily praised and ate Chuck's offering of burnt toast and pubes.
7YZr5WrHTiS89bzOE4LgPg	Chuck norris eats 10 eggs daily.
WTIesnPaQCO4rK_huEyi4A	Chuck Norris invented piles as a way to keep people from sitting on his chair
YhdPA6rsS3WH0lsTNquk4A	Chuck Norris was born May,6 1945. Nazi Germany surrendered May,7 1945. Coincidence? I think not.
ZEH8hLiOTmWH2Rl4uvfd2Q	when ever Chuck Norris enters a room the song "final count down" begins to play, followed shortly by a roundhouse kick to your face.
0U_11pQTQ42jVTshDuPxVg	When Chuck Norris takes a crap this is what's called an earthquake.
AhSId40ZQ2miNgH9rGTSkw	All libraries file Chuck Norris' novels in Non-Fiction
n4d8-UwFSheC4UeGxuWDtQ	Chuck Norris runs until the treadmill gets tired
Tu-DQeVrSqOo8guBYmnUZQ	if the mouse will play when the cat is away,, the cat will fly when Chuck Norris is in the house
nsle0zt-sis8fnwkrytwma	Chuck Norris can delete the Recycling Bin.
5lYicpH7RrivRQ-X0gMXdQ	Lebron James saw Chuck Norris wearing a Spurs cap and he cramped up.
xwLvP70SQgKKiklPjN9-eQ	Chuck Norris once was on a one man NFL team, he won the super bowl 4 times in a row on the same day
LOOp9dbtS-6OF1VgN0eozA	They gave Chuck Norris the lethal injection and he caught a buzz
6VGKdJIfSteOiVNkx2zXyA	Chuck Norris turned down the role of Han Solo's father.
55M0pVQyQVuBGIEthCZmqw	Chuck Norris can kill your imaginary friends.
N7BOFQLER3aeTH5u_xTIaQ	Seconds after you read this joke, Chuck Norris will appear, kill you, your family, and your pets, then he'll go eat some Carl's Jr; and that's just the way it is.
xbae5jywto6wjcwalfwlmq	Chuck Norris is the reason why Waldo is hiding.
tMv7qmw5SyKoN7NS3H27MQ	Chuck Norris has never had a heart attack, manly do to the fact that Chuck Norris's heart is not foolish enough to attack, Chuck Norris.
TJ7QCm25RpGZZo-90zyO0w	Chuck Norris can get Mexican food at a Japanese restaurant.
_ujNHhLNSLmhRL2-gkm65w	Chuck Norris killed you if you read this
Kqck_igkQNCw6Y0ADR2iyA	The Terminator wears a Chuck Norris tee shirt. .
mK-_J2xcRHe5pWDReYutDA	Chuck Norris once ate a pound of crystal meth, it made him flinch.
jJejuG0zS32nm-BTD2SncA	Chuck Norris let the dogs out
2BuG7VDNSTSTKsyEtvC6cA	Chuck Norris played battletoads..... after several failed attempts, the game rage quit
9wCGwsECSSCPO7j47mSQSA	Chuck Norris went out for a casual bike ride when he was visiting Paris and accidentally won the Tour de France.
7tgGAx6ESc6-ETgA_o-rYg	Chuck Norris bungee jumps with an anchor chain.
bOqA0lngQZWGhQcllB9Vgg	Chuck Norris doesn't eat Oreos.... He eats Norreos.
JOf4UPM3Q1u-P-_SwGF9ww	Face your problems, unless your face is the problem which Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked.
NAlDdCS6R9GHcpnbtB2rpA	Chuck Norris is allowed to play Stairway To Heaven.
I84kIORuSqyNyEul51Voxg	Chuck Norris gave rock and roll to you. He gave rock and roll to everyone.
MHaKT4RyTAibsFyAd-k-Zg	The only man-made structure on earth that can be seen from the moon is Chuck Norris erection.
_3bcOP95TryEnCE1DQMshQ	Chuck Norris is the only man alive that can fly a helicopter up-side-down. He uses it to mow his lawn.
xyjhd30qS422KIKpbUwAPQ	It should go without saying, but it still bears repeating: don't knock on Chuck Norris' door on Halloween.
lrFg32FrT1WaZdiPqQW8wA	Chuck Norris once held one nostril shut while blowing an incredible snot volley from the other nostril. This action caused an epiphany among toy manufacturers that directly lead to the invention of the Nerf Blaster.
UqZU5KPAQy6foJ4cTvAoJA	Chuck Norris had sexual relations with Monica Lewinsky. And Hillary. AT THE SAME TIME.
JiF3NQuMRaKfPLsB1cZZYg	When Chuck Norris smiles a star blows up making a big explosion let's hope ours don't.
7v1K7aVWQemR8d5RB6C-PQ	Chuck Norris doesnt mingle. he mangles.
dAFN-DNnSRGqDkLJXIKA-g	Google is named after the number of Kilograms Chuck Norris can benchpress.
Mkrdm5BJQHOxmKaOkXVKpg	Chuck Norris can see a black person on Friends.
AQqxFsxoRw2zQpMvaymzFA	Chuck Norris knows when you have a gerbil up your ass.
DPlJQPy0QIC3PCK0vFCvLA	Chuck Norris once ordered lobster, truffles, a lightly seared filet mignon and a glass of 1955 vintage cabernet at a McDonald's drive thru... and he fucking well got it. He then flicked his cigar in the manager's face and drove off without paying.
FhLeu61NT2uXVGlEj30yhA	Chuck Norris was asked once if he believed in safe sex. Chuck replied "I did screw a safe once when I was drunk but didn't care for it much".
QL_UmUwQRXiubuQ49Zjk0w	Chuck Norris always maintains eye contact with you while he's plowing your girlfriend or mother.
1cDHrtNTTESFtVEyPXvvaA	Chuck Norris can tgjiethgrvljhjdhntsrndkhjdkhkfghbjrdsnhwedjkwbnjdfss HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACK! STOP! PLEASE! I BEG UH   He died. I knew what he was going to say. It's super secret. if anyone knows, they die. Oh, and he was using this software called "Dragon": it's a speech-to-text device. - Chuck Norris
xALSjydMR0udY-ojLIiVnw	On an upcoming episode of Pawn Stars, Chuck Norris demands $100,000 for a Bic pen with no ink left.  He gets $250,000.  And he gets to bang the brunette who posed naked for Suicide Girls.
lIFBiakEQa6eFDZ_BhnxmQ	Chuck Norris can push himself in a wheelbarrow.
Vfcu3qotS4-UcYNpQtNPag	Chuck Norris has a shit list its called the obituarys
XMbEIozoTbCR6kwz_uJWeQ	George Thorogood was inspired by Chuck Norris, when he composed "Bad to the Bone".
wIu0tbuAS_GjdUNRXpO_UA	Chuck Norris is the only person on Earth who can literally be beside himself. You don't want to be around when they do that.
XQJDf55zRT-gm6T2ZZ9PhA	Chuck Norris shot the sheriff. And he shot the deputy.
O9R2JBx9TAC2bbaurxrwzg	Chuck Norris can piss into the wind and not get wet.
mpZG345XRAOjmTPr96VF9w	Chuck Norris killed the tiger, so now Rocky Balboa is the "Eye of Chuck Norris".
EVZV2ZbIT32UD0zTB-RE6Q	How many Chuck Norris' roundhouse kick does it take for a nuclear explosion?  2
uFRX6XgATDSZBf115l1B0A	The Grim Reaper's idol is Chuck Norris.
4hhre-gnqfosybe7-4x3pa	The grass is always greener on the other side, unless Chuck Norris has been there. In that case the grass is most likely soaked in blood and tears.
zhh3ckdztwcincr40fmgpq	Chuck Norris can binary search unsorted data.
6VqSC99uQ7GWQtCMqdhlWA	Chuck Norris' house has a ceiling, but no roof
r5X1kORVRfWE3SaKRrGxyA	Some of the bands Chuck Norris formed when in high school - The Roundhouses, Death From Foot Left, Way Of The Dragon, The Chuck Norris Experience, Deathkill, Delta Force 3000, Sergent Norris' Rip Out Hearts Club Band, Norrisphere, Truckload O Chuck and Booya.
nAwrO0uFS9qsXa8j6o4wVg	Chuck Norris is arguably our country's greatest president.
3hPN8nnHTIqw0PLHaFJtOQ	Physicists have recently discovered that the universe began when Chuck Norris roundhouse-kicked a singularity (the big bang).
3BlP_TQMT6qFB9y9yYOLWg	Chuck Norris knows what a tinker is and why they don't give a damn.
CmRbi-pcSJ2x7f8BZ9dp1Q	Chuck Norris splits firewood with his shlong.
cL8IPfsAR-G1jLrPjrpKZA	Chuck Norris can roundhouse kick you into yourself, and then kick the you that's within yourself into outer space.
PZ54zXLeQOaciQuiYS4BgA	Chuck Norris is responsible for the dark matter of the universe. It is made up of the atoms of everything he's killed or destroyed.
Tow5KiwURW-0O2fFTJej5g	When biologists sequenced Chuck Norris's DNA, the only letters found were F and U.
yCqxDiEkRFaZuSibv79z_w	Chuck Norris is the only person who can divide by 0.
Xj_WwYTnRjGIuwVZMLTyWA	Chuck Norris can shoot men with a knife.
pox2qE13QKuWnx4uo_5ylQ	Chuck Norris tells black jokes without looking over his shoulder
LRYE5ZZWSnmdWYZgVbrw2w	In the year 1735 a meteor was hurling towards earth. It suddenly stopped at the site of Chuck Norris. It asked Chuck Norris for his autograph, then Chuck Norris roundhoused kicked it back to space.
wikdFKQhThmrETCBnN7qYg	Chuck Norris gave 5 of his old watches to some teenages. Those teenagers are now known as the Power-Rangers
xtbMxyvITqe1ozKGCBQ6sw	Manual doors open automatically for Chuck Norris.
sTPEiu3uSX2oGIdkC_rOhw	If Chuck Norris had killed Kenny, he would have stayed dead.
bGwRodfkRhORgxyFeZlaCA	Chuck Norris recently invented the roundhouse headbutt.
UGXdL8UaQT2SDAQ7H2Aidw	Chuck Norris can actually "hold up" a bank...with one finger.
aNb7ffTDSq-5k1EzsuZq3w	Chuck Norris once slipped River Phoenix a mickey.
YblD05tGRV2Bw2oAqItvDQ	When Chuck Norris plays Five Nights at Freddy's, the animatronics don't scare him. The animatronics come to him
Shl6B0B-Q1irt0W7r9TZnQ	Chuck Norris destroyed the periodic table, because he only recognizes the element of surprise.
GKpe9ryOSG2zN6bqscohNg	Chuck Norris can wheelie on a unicycle.  While sitting on a park bench.  On Jupiter.  And at the same time, he's defeating Red with a Frillish.
JsCr9t6yTQCzHW8b3qh1oA	Chuck Norrise's. e-mail  Yahoo@chucknorris.com
ipoZc4WYSyScAuY1TRG6dg	YOU OWE CHUCK NORRIS MONEY
E40uifP8Rg-F_bTy35Ad9w	Chuck Norris gets a happy ending when strangling mountain lions.
yYQmrHq9R3-aeUgDP0UHBw	Chuck Norris made One Direction go two ways.
vb32vy6eSlWKVkS6Qcgnhw	Chuck Norris once played with blocks as a toddler. These blocks are known to us today as Stonehenge
Y-Ng0YfVSdCH1M6GBmRULQ	If Chuck Norris were to glare at 'The Situation' it would instantly transform him into a beer bellied redneck hog farmer.
5ZSHeesPTPulI5a_XxXFcQ	So Chuck Norris walks into a bar, and comes out an hour later, drunk.      There were no survivors in the bar.
cggNhGSDTQmpSEXOV7t_tQ	Chuck Norris voted once, and automatically had a degree from the Electoral College.
pvPvH3Z4Tque1GT9q-Jc0w	Chuck Norris is suing Myspace for taking the name of what he calls everything around you.
ht5WWf4IQbWCu-ftgSgpDQ	Chuck Norris can prepare a 5 star gourmet dinner out of dirt, toejam and Wheaties.
q8pf6tPMQ-KJUUKPMH9A7A	Chuck Norris lettered in 14 sports in high school. He would have had won letters in 15 if ass-kicking had been an officially recognized sport.
Bjvu6u4oQSqGxUMhOSApiQ	Newtons third law of motion states that Every action has a reaction equal in magnitude and opposite in direction When Chuck Norris uses his roundhouse kick there is only action.
B9teOdrMQuGM9YMKBB5JJQ	A married couple went to Chuck Norris for their relationship problems. The husband said, "Oh great and powerful Chuck Norris, my wife has lost the ability to feel pleasure in bed! What can I do to fix this?" Chuck Norris then proceeded to make love to the guy's wife right on the floor next to him. After about three and a half hours of her moaning in ecstasy and epic music, Chuck Norris got up and said, "She seems to be working alright for me!" He then roundhouse kicked them both into space, thus ending the couples relationship problems forever!
f2YgC7dZQsG2YvC2bLEAtA	When Chuck Norris sends you a poke on Facebook, it kills you.
dn8JnNfwSh-uMxx34lVjjQ	Chuck Norris can drive a frieght train, trim his toenails and butcher a steer at the same time time.
KGGYhdr9Qze0_42_KITNcw	Chuck Norris clogs the toilet every time he pisses.
TKCLl5LQS66WZNjIOQF8ig	If Chuck Norris is late, time better slow the fuck down.
uIrcWG7dRQG2SE2ZITAldQ	Pepis was created when Chuck Norris said i want a Drink and not a Coke they owe me money. Pepis was thought of, invented, created, canned, and brought to Chuck Norris in 12 mins. Chuck Norris still roundhouse kicked the delivery guy for being to slow with his drink
Z22FMB7cSh2Q2atVTWJweg	The force actually has three sides. The light side the Darkside and the Chuck Norris side
q8wZ0XknROGLCEX4p31reQ	Chuck Norris can make a depressive manic.
7xxUgC-5Tom9ofApembn1g	Chuck Norris said Daryl Dixon is almost as much a badass as me. Almost.
kO1xmVeSRo6yzjH2niodXA	While on vacation in Scotland, Chuck Norris saw the Loch Ness Monster...then humped it.
6tKAqrEJQD2lUCLjIjlD3w	Are your base are belong to Chuck Norris.
xidkt6AaSmqtkeUiaHhBTQ	Chuck Norris was in the Congo and encountered a cannibal. With one piercing look from his steely eyes, Chuck turned him into a vegetarian. Permanently.
BaZeWufPQbKJFza7wj1Tow	Chuck Norris made his first kill when he was 30 seconds old. The victim, the doctor that spanked his ass. He took his umbilical cord and choked him out.
pfXXm4taTqaCgu39Wcvk-A	If Chuck Norris was president, any word he says would make the crowd cheer for him. Wow that guy is one hell of a president.
-qpY3--qSaO5YPeIgEZqnQ	Did you know that Chuck Norris was in every Star Wars movie? He was "The Force".
IKzal5oET_Swpsa2Mo00tQ	Chuck Norris has been known to make a woman climax just by being within 10 feet of her.
0ld1lyvYR0y5EhlzdFV2Vw	The only time Chuck Norris got scared is wen he looked at him self in the mirrior
nSq4-50SSYuoyuBi2yyZPQ	Once Chuck Norris took a Vacation to the bahamas,he was watching oprah when she said somthing funny he pissed himself and laughed so hard is started hurracane katrina
GukxaCPAThetmHS3Cd7Tkw	When Chuck Norris jumps in front of an oncoming rocket, the rocket will move out of Chuck Norris's way to avoid hitting him.
Csbn5q_BQvymz9NHcC5WbA	Chuck Norris KNOWS where Waldo is.
nUt5FZXjTlamYb4eX392nA	Crack gets high off of Chuck Norris.
gBFcKjJ4QpGEnKA8Wah0VA	Banks don't do public holidays but Chuck Norris does
fxmMlK0gSuiFiq6-oOEb6A	At some point, you go past "dangerous" into "insane". Beyond that on the spectrum, you have "homicidal", "a national threat" and finally a category that experts have simply named, "Chuck Norris".
ic4IqSzWR2uZ9cRXHrwqvQ	Chuck Norris once ate a whole watermelon in one bite. The next day he crapped out 4 hammers, 3 turtles, 2 large pizzas, and 1 eggshell. That was 22 years ago.
TtEwNyYGTy-Jr1gz58DcZA	21 December 2012 was to be the day the Mayans predicted somebody would tell Chuck Norris that he's not so cool after all.
x1MbjffdRnmCEjNzAYpMXQ	Due to the high volume of complaints from victums having a boot removed from their ass, Preparation-H has been Chuck Norris approved.
x1p5lGJGRryWIxrr5Hx0Wg	Chuck Norris is on first-name terms with every coroner in Texas. He also has killed many of them.
N920gJAjTMCdZOXt7bN0Kg	Chuck Norris can order a Cheeseburger from Burger King.
xEFf2bi_Q5STgNGZdYmz2g	Chuck Norris wrote half of "War and Peace" in a day. Guess which half.
1Plm-n0LTbOc_B5YXR40AA	Last Halloween, Chuck Norris entered one of his testicles in the giant pumpkin contest and won.
6zF08PdrTr-5nilnkoXxNQ	As a child, Chuck Norris used to engoy making shapes in sandboxes. we call them pyramids
8ZW7NijQTTa9U68fVqpTgQ	A cab driver in Paris received a near fatal roundhouse to his face from Chuck Norris. It was Chuck Norris' way of saying Hi in French.
9QOeLR92T6qKwtUUN6QRDg	Chuck Norris's beard and Mr. T mohawk are 2nd cousins!
wHzUsBIATmePkjf_SYIpuw	When Chuck Norris was in middle school, his English teacher assigned an essay: "What is courage?" Chuck received an A+ for turning in a blank page with only his name at the top.
xsycfh8_siooxxibfyb8nq	One time, at band camp, Chuck Norris ate a percussionist.
DWPb1rt6Rdq79nESIyC4zQ	Chuck Norris' business card simply reads "Congratulations, you've just been bitch slapped by Chuck Norris".
tQxmsNvxQpyYktNUCKysRQ	Some people are lactose intolerant. Dairy is Chuck Norris intolerant.
XIBkpy1kRTeNwOniNkK66Q	Chuck Norris can cut down an Oak tree with a steak knife.
88JfEgFhSmy0HiMFo5TZMw	Chuck Norris turned his clock back 25 years last night.
QdSqidubQ027nhIWwguGxA	Chuck Norris can win America's Got Talent on the first episode.
oZF3s85fTQaT_ztX3E-QCA	Chuck Norris uses the woods as the bathrooom.
s_JP100mSnWtfp6RohwrIA	Santa actually gives everyone presents. It's just that Chuck Norris pounds some of them into coal.
yt0exa92qwiys8jscjxshw	They once made a Chuck Norris toilet paper, but there was a problem-- It wouldn't take shit from anybody.
AN580-RZS8OVFIeN_7wZtQ	Chuck Norris can bake a cake by following the directions backwards.
OxWpiAGcTtOkVk4Z1JEwow	When you knock on death's door, Chuck Norris answers, and then kills you for knocking.
auexuHHWRTaBu5CoabrLGA	Lactose is Chuck Norris intolerant.
yb0rx16lqakbqdm7dwzcmw	Chuck Norris does, in fact, live in a round house.
JgNTu5IxTFeXG82JosOWlA	MacGyver can make just about anything out of duct tape and bamboo, but chuck Norris can make ANYTHING he wants to out of MacGyver.
XW651BKQS2O9cR3JDxgRag	Chuck Norris doesn't type, the buttons get scared and press automaticly.
JiqrAB-RRm-xYlPafESBVw	Good Will Hunting was originally going to be called Good Chuck Norris. However, after producers watched the test footage (shot by Norris himself), they realized the constant graphic violence and extended hardcore sex scenes were too much for a mainstream audience, so, they decided to get a bunch of pussies to make a movie for wimps instead.
SdN618hESJS4XjAYipywbg	Chuck Norris can rehydrate petrified wood by urinating on it.
ZyQJfK6iQJ2QB8chjoxCTQ	IF CHUCK NORRIS WAS GAY HIS LOVERS ASS WOULD BE NICKNAMED THE GRAND CANYON.
E30GgQ8iRee6ZFA0NQ1Njw	Chuck Norris's checks never bounce.
zjY1FRUsQc6HOWqFJhk4qw	Today is Chuck Norris' birthday. But he will not age.
Ku1n-ePCQQuXp__s4BDrfg	Unlike lions and tigers, Chuck Norris would never eat a dead zebra ass first
GGN1w2SOSCeIrHlCs_jATg	Chuck Norris can go to places that say "Do Not Enter"
ZnMZBpDDTjyUN5nMwT5e6Q	As a child, Chuck Norris once killed a pediatrician with a tongue depressor.
yhKRv3QxS-S4G05hz1ILPQ	Chuck Norris ended world hunger with one knuckle sandwich.
3kcaD8EnSKuRHKAi9Lt8HQ	When the Boogeyman goes to sleep every night, he checks his closet for Chuck Norris. Another legend is that Chuck Norris sleeps with a night light. Not because Chuck Norris is afraid of the dark, but the dark is afraid of Chuck Norris.
7EaMW10bTlaRJn3wQYCr2A	Chuck Norris has crushed enough testicles to fill 14 oatmeal museums.
czfJ9WUfQlW28u21EAILcg	Chuck Norris can play Xbox-Live on his wii... with a broken ps3 controller.
lbPwoc98Qmu_ewhrZJ3CRg	Whenever Chuck Norris watches pornography, his computer gets an erection.
xZKpXJGMSxS686fWPjJbWA	Pac-Man was based on Chuck Norris. They both eat souls.
_gX_K9CNSF6fuqipcohXgw	Chuck Norris usually has broken all ten commandments before his morning steak and whiskey.
VEnoC4VNRKuomxoMk131Zw	Someone once asked Chuck Norris how many push ups he can do. He simply replied "All of them.".
ri_XTfYQRXu4lBtWXR4rsw	Chuck Norris doesn't eat honey. He chews on bees.
yyGiBF6GS36d2ktchIK4Bw	Chuck Norris poop is harder than rock. His turds are called "diamonds" when sold.
1J7cugWtS2GifDcnrGmOlw	Chuck Norris recently conducted a performance with the London symphony orchestra with his penis while juggling three running chainsaws.
377IoQsGQaugUPo9NvseNA	Chuck Norris won the PBA Championship Rodeo Bull Riding contest by riding Snort, a 6,450 lb Brahma Bull for 4 hrs 27 minutes when Snort finally collapsed. 9 months later, Snort had a calf.
bI8TuuKSS7yDNdMccIJCDg	Chuck Norris can easily read your mind, by simply shooting you in the face and examining the wall behind you.
2Bu4jfTDSvKRYUnbaW2pMw	Chuck Norris won the National Pie Eating Contest by devoring 168 hotdogs in less than 10 minutes.
vbNN-g_uT5moT9pHYMPnQQ	Chuck Norris can literally charm pants off ladies. This of course is useful for his ninesomes.
k_Ib8LFYQcWSIPW2LT-Mrw	Chuck Norris's Round House Kick causes particle accelaration.
fwlEDXJhQ0iX2BDQQVEzBw	Niagra Falls, is not really a waterfall, It's just what happens when Chuck Norris gets done with a night of drinking.
kiNnVMZATLSPm5PWvNeeGw	The Iraq war is over because the US sent Chuck Norris to Iraq
6Q9ZpspxQWSjhlY3RvOSZg	Little known fact: Chuck Norris was the original lead singer of the British pop band The Smiths. He went by the name Norrissey.
XEUk2e80SAGCbXXbksoSOw	Chuck Norris uses Donald Trump's face for toilet paper. That's why he looks so shitty ugly and has Chuck Norris' golden shit smeared on his shit stained hair
DyTjOt7DTbKPXzORx8RimA	Chuck Norris participated in the 2005 home run derby, he has yet to receive the "Golden Ball".
ZbOZQafjTkaHTKUzB_OQMA	Superman is based off of Chuck Norris: They both are unstoppable.
pgwQ3MKTSgCgfp1zoeQWAg	Chuck Norris can punch you so hard that your blood will bleed.
7hxsPj8_SJifs0PwTTrX1g	A good man is hard to find, but Chuck Norris can easily find one and snap him over his knee.
GwsPawLEQzaTHEVEyxJEaw	The Terminator needs your clothes, boots and your motorcycle, because Chuck Norris took his.
wAkLSmHRS9O_f7bfP8TYCQ	Chuck Norris was once in a catch 22, but he roundhouse kicked it down to a 12 pack and literally drank his problems away.
RZ_7jhImRPuagtrsNBrfdQ	Chuck Norris on the cast of The Expendables 2 means the movie will consist of opening credits, one roundhouse kick, and closing credits. A single shot will not be fired.
OmZgERi8QDOl9l2XCAc6aA	If you are next to Chuck Norris then you will always have perfect cell phone reception
zmo94t-IQR2xuMkEIPr10g	Sarah Palin has hired Chuck Norris to prepare her Alaskan Thankgiving Day dinner because he is the only person alive that can cram a 1,200 pound moose in her oven.
SP9v0o0tTEKJkOAeVqOrsg	Chuck Norris has to get his pedicures done at a local gristmill.
bVLqvlBkREmGRGVhAwwxZQ	Chuck Norris likes his meat so rare; he only eats unicorns.
9Qkw6ZAoRG-lD6Rfu-kB1w	Chuck Norris is the 'ow' in the word 'now'.
X1FXbYRYQzC01uZ2DqHf9w	Chuck Norris wins American Idol humming the Tetris theme.
CWcSZERlTYGr4ljAjhTO3g	Nuck Choriss still craves Chuck Norris' penis!!!!!!
bKZQd1QVTOqhXjbnqoTGeQ	Chuck Norris plays Jenga with brick buildings.
B8JvPMwdQRCwnUpfg7AFzA	When chuck Norris goes swimming, Jaws hears the scary music
XYNij3wDQTySZnJUxNXVbA	Chuck Norris favorite cartoon TV show is WWE.
Flvbzqe1Qpu_fx17EZcUBQ	Chuck Norris can kill you in an instant. seriously.
wRC5c4C2TRa3ES_cGte3Fw	If Chuck Norris imagines roundhouse kicking someone, that roundhouse kick actually hurts someone. Try not to imagine him imagining that.
RWVXw8CbRDGqY0WXf0JR3w	Chuck Norris can hold his breath while he sneezes.
lciSvhAsQdiQ5asjufYDHA	Chuck Norris doesnt fight, he just lets you lose.
2DM2HlKsSxG0I--_PvV0Og	Chuck Norris rules. There is no disagreeing because Chuck said.
MYorG6hVRES-av5vg-63vQ	Chuck Norris can keep chumbawumba down
pehSP1FzSuu-8dJjFea93Q	The Holy Grail has not been recovered yet because nobody is dumb enough to try to take away Chuck Norris' favorite beer stein.
uGs4bFLiRqqZoDB9ojn2Sw	Once Chuck Norris played Super Mario and he never loses a life.
_3Jgf5DLQ9eWAB_7zup8Bg	The straight and narrow path actually belongs to Chuck Norris.
0fQjaqTNSam-E1snlh6HXA	Chuck Norris opens beer bottles with the nearest person's anus.
KBQ_wGRXRAqnqQhKyJ8y-Q	Little known fact: Chuck Norris is also a world-class classical pianist. He recently quit, however, stating that he hated playing over the sounds of audience members' heads exploding out of sheer sensory overload.
d8TkC6N1QIqD5TyWU42oTw	Chuck Norris catches up on his paperwork while skydiving.
s2jM0EbWTFe-yMDkvM_JfQ	one day 7 year old Chuck Norris swam to europe, next day nazi surrendered
Bbp2rCHqQVuHUWlPe-gutA	When Chuck Norris Runs the Earth Spins Faster
354cuy9-RvWteu4lC0M77g	Garmin GPS Googles Chuck Norris for directions.
Wc-6P8qUQC6QVLrqeJvRVg	Your hemorrhoids are directly related to the genealogical effects of Chuck Norris traveling back in time and nailing a cro-magnon bitch in the ass.
XDPbLAIpSnSWO4jzteB7sQ	Life is like a box of chocolates. They are all for Chuck Norris.
50dX5YFrT8asNoZs9jk17A	Chuck Norris can divide by zero and not get error in an calculator
Z0gi435FSd6TMDKe6FHuaQ	Chuck Norris once needed hemorrhoid surgery. After breaking 2 sets of bolt cutters and a chainsaw, doctors had to deploy 2 bunker blaster bombs and an acetylene torch to adequately complete the surgery.
iSwy5P2tT-Ol-GzRli1m4A	Chuck Norris won on the 'America's Got Talent' show when he roasted a whole moose on a Hibachi grill.
PgOqJWQgSZWSH3frrpyLbA	Chuck Norris uses the planet Jupiter as his personal sauna.
I1n9GkWxQZuFKErF9uCLhQ	Chuck Norris can swallow his tongue, reel out two feet of toilet paper and wipe his own ass with it.
wpEYPPrqQKGdTZvZtWC-og	The Big Comfy Couch was made for Chuck Norris
Ul9JMZJcShWrV5_R0tkfJg	Chuck Norris once beat Pokemon Black and White. He hacked once, though this was so when he got a Pokemon, it immediately turned into a Metapod. None ever used Struggle.
Mr4o1lBNQ8i-tquQfVdooA	Chuck Norris' father is The Most Interesting Man in the World of Dos Equis fame, and his grandfather was Teddy Roosevelt.
Xb0D54uER7GIVkGRvAb8mA	The boogey man checks under his bed every night for Chuck Norris
76SxLkjNQBWtiRxYuGF71w	Chuck Norris can dribble two bowling balls up a flight of stairs...with his feet.
Bn7Xj6otRtOIO5kISAJapg	Chuck Norris cut off his own legs then walked it off
zLV5Ys8FTNSNnBm7xBWAjg	Chuck norris can play super mario on SEGA
0wdewlp2tz-mt_upesvrjw	Chuck Norris does not follow fashion trends, they follow him. But then he turns around and kicks their ass. Nobody follows Chuck Norris.
3RiKtc-ESnmZsHab5aSZFw	Just simply witnessing a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick to somebody else's face can cause you to get a case of Tourette's syndrone.
8tyLUHVUS2anFY7XL__-lQ	Chuck Norris is so tough, he masturbates with sand paper.
_feEpEM7TfKa66cIz-YAeA	Chuck Norris was Victoria's Secret. She never walked right again.
c-B5qouNQciQwHw8mrSbmQ	Chuck Norris weighs less than zero
GWehnjFESLagnKTqd-1i-g	Chuck Norris once caught a Tarpon out of the guppy tank at Wal*Mart.
ts2VbLrSR46ypk49NC-1LQ	And just who were Rage Against The Machine killing in the name of? Chuck Norris.
qEnWlsQIQ7q_j1Rl3m3kdg	Chuck Norris once sold his soul to the devil in exchange for the power of the roundhouse kick. After signing the contract, chuck quickly roundhouse kicked the devil in the face knocking him unconscious long enough to take his soul back. The devil, who appreciates irony, had a good laugh about it. Now they meet in Indiana every second Tuesday of the month to play poker
asC4znUrRe-mbA-XrXEPrw	Some people can ride a bike no-handed; Chuck Norris can ride a scooter NO-LEGGED
f0QyOAmPRbmVsv3Vupp5PA	Chuck Norris is the blackest white man on the planet. Think about it.
n24DQsuDTIuNKpVXwr73Hw	Chuck Norris has a full-size tattoo of his face...on his face.
_kuijkz9TU-lI6WvR18wNA	Chuck Norris's Hummer gets 728 mpg. Every night, about 3:15, it fucks your Prius up the tailpipe and spanks it goodbye.
Kh8sYODHRhqww9ndEhv9-Q	Chuck norris barfes rainbows
QPPKlmzdQuu0tdJJPIi4gw	Chuck Norris can chuck more wood than a woodchuck could.
HctUyZePS4CVM4NNCvWFfQ	If you and Chuck happen to be wearing the same clothes, Chuck Norris is better dressed than you.
XC0XfEIYTvqeALebpLeHsg	Chuck Norris hunts Cape Buffalo with a slingshot.
uGocMTHFSr2CWHqLSH8_kw	Chuck Norris can get a checkmate in only one move.
05rGrvu1SQyf3y-n83G27g	The Dynamic Duo was originally called Chuck Norris and Batman. When Chuck Norris got bored and retired, Batman got promoted and added Robin to the team.
N2sukkUGQt--O8cNlWhAXQ	Chuck Norris has over eighty million songs on his iPod. But he only listens to Bruce Springsteen.
9D067VuNQZOlLIuJzyk0GQ	Chuck Norris once got a woman pregnant. And then he had sex with her.
0buuwPjYRLib4pAMMAnlrQ	Chuck Norris doesn't have sex, sex has Chuck Norris
7w5sd_KSTgGwsVCQc3U8KA	Chuck Norris was origionally to be cast as Neo in The Matrix, but when they told him about the powers he would recieve, he laughed and said im Chuck Norris! He then proceeded to roundhouse kick the Warner Brother representatives and flying off to drink some beer and kick some random person's ass
_qOJ4v6QQ_SUAiYFlolTYw	When the lord said let there be light, Chuck Norris said say please.
MbQkMVmmQlOlT6nf4Xv2zA	One day, when John Lennon and Chuck Norris were sitting together in a diner... John: Hey Chuck, can you pass the ketchup? Chuck: There is no ketchup. John: There is some ketchup at the diner across the street. Chuck: Ok. *uses arm to reach over to the diner across the street and get the ketchup without leaving his seat* John: Wow, Mr. Tickle would be jealous! Chuck: I ate Mr. Tickle. John: LOL, good one! Chuck: I'm not kidding.  John: O_O
JuZQI1FqQ-abgCX46k8eMQ	If you build it, Chuck Norris will come and kill you.
3vxq2MQgQKapn3LyKAJabA	Any questions to Chuck Norris regarding his spiritual beliefs will be met with a hearty chuckle and a savage beating.
RSypYwIbRReFohN4fCodDA	Chuck Norris walked into LAX airport wearing a full suit of armour and carrying two Gatling guns and walked directly from the check-in desk to the cockpit of his plane uninterrupted.
pYZl099hRv6ESieZTq5UiA	Chuck Norris once finished a whole cake, before his friends told him there was a stripper in it
-W8AeCS0Q_SGEglG3DkWEA	Michael Jackson once met Chuck Norris. That night, he went home and wrote "Thriller"
HQV_YZOPQ1qWhXBl3A7_2A	You don't question Chuck Norris, because if you do, he'll drink a liter of liquid egg, then punch your sternum so hard that you'll vomit bloody stool.
6-jq1eQ3TYuOkCl_SOD5YQ	When Chuck Norris was on the Apprentice, the first thing he'd did was fire that smug Donald Trump.
i3uBQXJxSLqxd18Ukxtb4g	Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked SpongeBob SquarePants in the butt so hard that SpongeBob had to legally change his name to SpongeBob ParallelogramPants.
H6kkWwXnTpSCtVxVkEOMqw	There was once a 51st state, known as New Idaho. It has not been heard of since it snubbed Chuck Norris as governor and was roundhouse kicked into a parallel dimension, along with Chuck's virginity and the last sonofabitch that overcooked his panda bear steaks. Chuck Norris eats his panda raw
Wb6v8TcZTLipa8uESxGtWA	Do you seriously think that McDonalds came up with the slogan "would you like fries with that"? Everyone knows that is what Chuck Norris tells his victims immediately proceeding a roundhouse kick to the face.
Tz4F5KxxQJS9vMQJzA7P1g	Dos Equis' "most interesting man in the worls" asks Chuck Norris for advice
0kxclUK3TrSV4kYIS6UZZA	Chuck Norris can play Candy Crush on a public phone
DZ3PBbjwTFayft0zIRurUQ	The first terminator was sent back to kill Chuck Norris. Obviously that didn't work out.
8iGfvqFSRCmS7b80DV4NjQ	The Aurora Borealis only occurs on late night evenings after Chuck Norris takes an outdoor shit on the Texas prairie.
u-W2xJ4FT3mtrSchyw78BQ	Chuck Norris is so accurate he can shoot a bullet through the scope of a gun... the scope of the gun he just shot the bullet from
5GNd_hFfSfKasJGSyujRSw	Some people think they're cool if they walk across hot coals. Chuck Norris regularly breakdances on them.
-TtA5c09SAOgSPyrHo-dsw	Superman has a pair of Chuck Norris pajamas.
BCBb74MNSrilEMJkmKa0Tg	Thanksgiving Chuck Norris Fact/Joke Time!   Most people have turkey for Thanksgiving. Chuck Norris has chicken for Thanksgiving.  "Chicken" meaning "cowards".
KXbn81blT4mlckmmnOPwcA	Chuck Norris once punched a man in the face so hard that the man's eyeballs protruded from his asshole. This malady was diagnosed by emergency room personnel as a new medical condition known as 'Optical Rectumitis'.
iJGTWPVlT9ytxfM2zzQ9AQ	Chuck Norris requires both arms and legs to masturbate.
oFhi9QZtT9y9ssry0yUFkg	Life comes at you fast; Chuck Norris's Fist comes at you faster!!!
XBdcfKgkQSWwFX6mYGrL_A	On April 17, 1953, Mickey Mantle hit a home run that traveled about 565 feet.  Chuck Norris matched that feat the next day.  Chuck was 13 years old at the time.
cmuUd1ZDRKS_qltTyAoH2w	Swine gets Chuck Norris flu
tmoCKIhyQQ6u3hxQcue3Bg	Chuck Norris' mother wears bowling ball earrings.
ZLvaE5cTTrGiYE2uo59HyA	Chuck Norris is allowed to say "ni" to The Knights Who Say Ni.
oKJ3D0fGQOGGIZepCrYTeA	Chuck Norris slapped the black out of Michael Jackson
Gv4yQ74SSamF0FwX16v-gw	Chuck Norris if you read thi s please let me suck your balls to show you how gay I am
GrhIJ-r1S5C6-t5QEmShCQ	Police searching Philip Seymour Hoffman's apartment found a cowboy hat, bowie knife, a full Walker: Texas Ranger DVD box set and a huge Chuck Norris-shaped hole in the wall. They didn't find this even slightly suspicious.
8V6t8tnEQh2WVMeIiGc6Ig	christmas fact: Chuck Norris can put you on the naughty list. That ends with a roundhouse kick in your face.
AWl4jao7RyyaPT5xJVsMVw	Actually, it was Chuck Norris that fought The Battle of Jericho. Joshua later played taps.
qP7S71sER2iFdk8OzsISug	Chuck Norris spent a day digging a canal in the United States. We know that project as the Mississippi River.
WN_XDG6uQWytK2DQYTrxfQ	Fun Fact: Chuck Norris wearing a blanky, riding a tricycle, with a kitten on his head looks more badass THAN YOU WILL EVER BE!!
45vrM0YcTDSG-IiRgeYlbQ	Chuck Norris has a sign in his front yard that reads, "Beware of Chuck Norris." This is not a joke. He actually has one.
2qd6eSjIQUKofY04dkevXw	Have you ever wondered why Chuck Steaks are so tough. You guessed it.Chuck Norris.
2goIzAJ7Tj2DJxs0Pph9Bg	A Chuck Norris movie will touch your heart. Then it will rip it out of your chest.
GGvB0CODSn-CnvhDnJDAKA	Chuck Norris can make a gay man scared straight.
mSvtHJgsSLCpaSfpYFN8Eg	Little-known fact: Chuck Norris' parents were named Morris and Doris.
Jr6UaJwlTg6u4nl0jjmhwg	Chuck Norris can literally HIT Puberty
cVgG0DPARU6a-3QHKmDAWQ	Chuck Norris is the only man alive that can be a badass while riding a moped.
ybBR5ImWR6mNBaGB3ktTBA	Chuck Norris wanted to fight someone and wanted a challege, so he cloned himself. The resulting fight is now known as the big bang. Chuck Norris won.
a0nUUdbiTpmKaHckrYaGJw	Chuck Norris' shit easily sinks lower than whale shit.
SswyaJadTLKQT3iI3Ipc5Q	the real reason king kong fell was because he realized he had awaken Chuck Norris so he commited suicide.
z2FYwEjPT_eu7u43mhJHrA	Chuck Norris eats haggis just for the fun.
qvq4v10rTyecVMt8G_W0Zw	Chuck Norris can put a fruit pastel in his mouth without chewing it
R-03QgMfSimJ6vZwGmkL7w	Chuck Norris can tell Simon what to do.
BVD3e3fyT-m01PE_CZg2Bw	Kryptonite is Chuck Norris' birthstone.
RIhO-A1fQKCr9iRhy31cKg	Chuck Norris will die in the year 2012. thus ending the world
gX6RQU9EQxC4oZd6kVeiSw	Gordon Ramsay features Chuck Norris' Toaster Strudel recipe in all of his restaurants.
zuf836jurwgszxegfxe76g	The Bible was originally titled "Chuck Norris and Friends"
wi716ffGSKug2YfOBJEylQ	Chuck Norris loves the smell of burning human flesh. He also loves the the sound of bones cracking, the sight of Navy SEALs crying, the feel of a good, heavy pump-action in his hands, and the taste of virginity.
If-2KLxTQXCoz6DCM3sWlA	Chuck Norris can find the limit of an oscillating function
aoyarv4rtuw5m846bh_ing	Chuck Norris has never been in a fight, ever. Do you call one roundhouse kick to the face a fight?
ZU4eSEjcQEay0hUVGs2dPw	"Carpe diem" is a Latin aphorism translated to "seize the day". "Chucky diem" is a Chuck Norrism translated to "seize the throat".
1qCDOYU6SZuVdtJaHXnSjg	Jesus walked on water, but Chuck Norris invented the boat
uVqIZ0JKSd-MNxN87VPRJA	If Chuck Norris is decapitated by a boat propeller, which happens more often than most people think, he can regrow his own limbs.
9xaito3bS068xqTIUQESIQ	As a kid, Chuck Norris washed himself with a special sponge. We now know the sponge as Spongebob.
uBsyCbk3RHSUWlAOSqgP1g	There is no wrong side on Chuck Norris' bed.
_O1P4-aSTfWJ38BeZPDB4Q	Chuck Norris showed musical talent at a very young age. He was humming "Bad To The Bone" when his Doctor delivered him.
p9zTwrOFQmi-kpxS6e0wbw	The 1st time Chuck Norris tried bowling he rolled a 301.
kqHuxhY1SSOb3c2-buF7fQ	On his Driver's License: Dr Lic#: I'm Chuck Norris Expiration Date: Tomorrow Soc Sec#: 1 Height: Kiss my ass Weight: Benches 885 Eyes: Bloodshot Sex: Yes, frequently Organ Donor: Yes, over 4,603
u23yMmAVQp21JW7HDc14Ew	Before boarding a plane, Chuck Norris personally frisks all TSA agents, pilots, flight crews, baggage handlers, air traffic controllers and passengers. So far Chuck Norris has not discovered any terrorists but has found 3 enlarged prostates, 36 breast implants, one glass eye, 7 pints of whiskey and a gerbil.
3-HlKa6UQV2MNGaCtesSkg	The last person smart-off to Chuck Norris found himself picking up his teeth with two broken arms and counting them with two black eyes.
UoWxaq9jTS6Zxm9W7KupRw	Anything Chuck Norris could do, The Great and Powerful Trixie can do better!
PbXpjhvDTTWvL_KRoQactA	Some guys think they're a badass because they beat up a guy in a bar fight. Chuck Norris once beat a Jeep to death.
noroZ4kJSkKroZU1HMn1JQ	Chuck Norris can bring a gun to a lightsaber duel
pdApwzJVSzG2OMXx6fcd_Q	Chuck Norris once punched a guy so hard he turned into a gravestone.
9vaFPm2mRk22HjtOEpYlmA	Chuck Norris can kneecap you just by simply poking you in the eyes.
knw8s96xQ_eFLvksuOMrnA	Chuck Norris can eat just one Lay's potato chip.
oPFeGuHkTOaYSa67WD9k6Q	When Chuck Norris "dots his I's and crosses his T's the spell checker applauds.
PTuupOfAR46uoETPazWlbA	Chuck Norris can hunt a bear with his beard tied behind his back
y8duW3B-T1uvv1gEM3SJxw	Chuck Norris' beard is sexier than lmfao
HipPzAYvT4Wp3k58eWuNwQ	Chuck Norris never runs out of things to kick.
Dt53UQ99R16NQMulSKcMgQ	The Holy Trinity is actually Chuck Norris' mammoth wang and gonads.
AvZ5Cs1yQSCQ3BpzFT_Xcw	When Chuck Norris owns an Xbox 360 It never had the three rings of death because it's afraid of Chuck Norris.
Mqp88jeCTQ2LrL-HHnUjpg	Chuck Norris gives the Grim Reaper night terrors.
qj8WlWyzSFiRZzl60ZsuJw	When Chuck Norris exercises the machine gets stronger.
Mq2aglxZRfS-IMhtVlQFuw	Chuck Norris' tool is so huge that his wife thanks God he's having affairs.
MR2-BnMBR667xSpQBIleUg	Chuck Norris can quitely sneak up on himself
CAQDm2M0TJiCxxUBHCTH6g	Chuck Norris uses a tanned and cured ox scrotum as a hackey-sack.
Ob0VIYB2Tni1WLUxRqnDUA	Chuck Norris once made 30,000 pounds of coal out of a 1/4 carat diamond.
8S0wgyRyRmuFG5qiMUW0ww	As a kid, Chuck Norris's dog didn't eat his homework, his homework ate his dog
Mqc_O7N0QKmEdQejlY-PWg	why did the chicken cross the road? TO GET AWAY FROM CHUCK NORRIS
PSz-g9sPTt-Lq9NAsWVLVQ	"Elect Chuck Norris for Pope".
4ot5f_k2RzWfmAS2j8ZJbw	Chuck Norris is like God, sex and kung-fu put in a blender to create undiluted manliness.
L6-wa-YjRX6NKMudNAFPHw	Chuck Norris does not have any hair on his testicles. Hair doesn't grow on steel.
Acz9rLC1TzeS00kup2cPlg	Men are from Mars, women are from Venus... and yes, damn right Chuck Norris has a massive penis.
wWv5SoY8SWSNfKLNLLP9dQ	Chuck Norris invented crunk. That's actually how you say his name in Chuckenese.
zjd3Yg95Thuf-Ir4A4SVWg	Chuck Norris does not fart. Because his fart can annihilate all life forms on Earth. But on December 21st 2012, he MAY fart.
_4wpc7VqSO61mgrtdULIbA	Little known fact: the Washington Monument was originally called the Chuck Norris Erection.
h70yeXViTxWduW6hNT502w	If you stare at the american flag for long enough, you will see a 3-D image of Chuck Norris.
HDnykJMOQUicUo_XhrD-lA	A cow goes "moo". Chuck Norris goes "cow."
beKSWy4rQ8iSYQdZJbJTmA	Pwnage was originally the term for being touched by chuck Norris
vUnMNZOQT7SBZA-PBEc8SA	Chuck Norris can turn a cave into a tunnel.
dA7e6rYvTtCoNPzThR9Djw	The real question is "What would a Klondike Bar do for Chuck Norris?"
Zr3AYiilSwys45TZBzsBBw	Chuck Norris gets more upper-class pussy than the first boat off of the Titanic.
A4FHSzm5Sn2i_93q_fkP2g	Once, while driving his Hummer on the way to KFC, Chuck Norris ran a stop sign...up Steven Seagal's ass.
WBXsNQW-TLSt_5X4KUweOw	So you hate Chuck Norris? Well it was nice knowing you. I hope you had good life.
1u71CpbnS6a5viIxeGJUbg	The fall of Berlin wall was caused by Chuck Norris fart.
tanwfuavq82zn1y6t645bw	Chuck Norris can access private methods.
Vx6RIQrsTK-8X6IYLx1wZg	Villagers used to tremble with fear when they heard Atilla the Hun was coming. Atilla the Hun shit his pants when he heard Chuck Norris was coming!
3ps19RsvSiirug0dFdIMMQ	Men fear the Grim Reaper. The Grim Reaper fears Chuck Norris.
rhTO5AxvSYuPH8rVXNGMoQ	Chuck Norris doesn't avail for a broadband promo. he reaches out through the satellite in space.
KZH5PxgORN2Deh_Y7ofY9g	The Expendables 3 will not feature Chuck Norris. Therefore, it will suck.
9eHdjRj4SsSzNh545owJSQ	FUCKED UP Chuck Norris Fact Bro...Never make fun of Michale Jackson V V V
XIEbx2qXQ2uYByyxhsXe3g	Chuck Norris can save 15% or more on car insurance WITHOUT switching to Geico... or even buying car insurance.
coRZ9vZcT_--Z6fHJPXWjQ	Chuck Norris once received an 'employee of the month' award for a company he didn't even work for.
YNyOFN7rT92WpfJqPPoqHw	God stole Chuck Norris' job when he applied...God has been hiding ever since
hY2spArxR1auWHdsLKCjZw	The Titanic didnt sink because of an iceberg.. Chuck Norris just went out for a swim
SV09o0OxT1ewrj1Poxs95g	Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad
PrLmzEXATXOzxHUrHqo_Tg	Chuck Norris can submerge himself in water and come out dry.
cb3BdqV2RsqtFQ1KiV-O8Q	Chuck Norris went for a stroll in the jungle and was ambushed by a very hungry tiger. The attack was brutal, merciless and clinical. The tiger just doesn't have a ghost of chance at all. That is how Chuck Norris got the tiger rug in his living room.
yB0ScGGTRT-kQwEfLTQMjg	Harm never gets in Chuck Norris' way
w6GdxbdjTwCGq51st-qRNQ	You don't invite Chuck Norris. He invites himself.
IoUTD8G7Te28Yq1S0c0_lQ	We're taught Jesus died for the redemption of our sins: past, present and future. If Chuck Norris sins, we're totally screwed. We'll need a bus full of Jesuses, for something as minor as when Chuck Norris says "God dammit".
q3BiMmCnRjWk0wtCN8Qg3Q	Chuck Norris did the worm up K2.
42y6VhsbREekGfuIrv_sRA	The only mistake that Chuck Norris has committed was when he thought he did a mistake.
BCvGWa4wRLu5wWjMgSqNvA	Every time an earthquake happens, we know that Chuck Norris is banging a chick from Haiti.
qbEFRMUWRX-GI6G7PZiaPA	Sharks have a week dedicated to Chuck Norris.
X-0Kx8WaTqW-7Idyv2Ah_w	The last person to attempt to emulate a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick lost his kneecap due to the high intensity centrifugal force.
dRqyicZmQo6yqF6yQf7ziA	Chuck Norris found Waldo, Carmen Sandiego and Jimmy Hoffa.
n9p3neD_RYeQfKeyQSo3Nw	Chuck Norris's keyboard has an F13 key.
4UXPnQ3aQZelqeZbVuviNA	Chuck Norris raced Sonic The Hedgehog and lost...  by about 3 Planck time. Ok, so they didn't race, but it's an estimate...  Sonic's top speed: 45 miles per Planck time. Chuck Norris's top speed: 89.728 miles per 2 Planck times.  By the way, in case you're wondering, one Planck time is 5.4 times 10-to-the-power-of-negative-44 seconds. That's how long it takes for light to travel one Planck LENGTH (16.162 times 10-to-the-power-of-negative-36-meters).  Therefore, Chuck Norris is faster than light, and only a bit slower than Sonic.
KA1C0Pw8RamfHKrLPdySxQ	Honey badger cares about Chuck Norris!
yE44dmUyT4GfXvSdoj_V7Q	Chuck Norris was banned from the show Survivor, his primal instincts take over; he killed and ate 5 players. Survive to Chuck Norris means something different.
nz2wHnL1SzmAjUcxPfiRNA	A heckler told Chuck Norris his movies stunk. Chuck told him "I'd slap you stupid but I can tell someone already beat me to it".
DWfEjrmjSIK00yRUQi-PdA	Chuck Norris changed his name to jesus christ to avoid the pauperize
ZbmOzXiNRbGKGxCcufpPHg	Chuck Norris used to throw shoes at Dubya all the time.
WJ_blPOZSqu0M2u1SvUZ8w	As a baby Chuck Norris did'nt wait for his mum to push, He got out himself..
Bln38K2PS0-8-aNV7UIQEQ	Chuck Norris will never kill any man that is wearing a red toupee unless it looks better than his.
TNbWEfR5SlCKfVjmt-Pn5Q	Of course Chuck Norris banged Dolly Parton when she was in her prime.
X9nDrLvJSOilsRBuGvhXYA	Chuck Norris doesn't edit Wikipedia, he roundhouse kicks the articles.
MZQwxwtFTo-3OvrGprhI7w	If you somehow survive a roundhouse kick from Chuck Norris, you'd still go to jail for head butting his foot.
2958lD2rQ8KY6gBTFLbphQ	Chuck Norris beer-bongs tequila.
kgobSI6rQ5yGlLNjxCy--A	Chuck Norris has a smiley-face tattooed on his choad.
IdmbIU-BSrqL6QmGRH0sRA	"Let bygones be bygones" is always subject to Chuck Norris' approval.
OH_IwiBMST6mSjfyCs9uWA	Chuck Norris' penis has a bolt though it, Frankenstein-style.
MRvsPiFFRuawRSInt8Ra2Q	When Chuck Norris was a baby, both of his mother's tits had a milk moustache and beard.
me_OPWYpQiegsudeqlkNkQ	Chuck Norris made a legless man run for his life.
2gPEmQUUQMWEODpUCrEQxw	Chuck Norris can finish an "all you can eat" buffet.
g6Tk9tCFQpeqqxY2Rh-sTw	Phobias are afraid of Chuck Norris.
DTd_AoknRSOZj8uN9tMY8g	dear 'fuckwillweston' i found ur comment rude so i thought id share with you that i fucked Chuck Norris n he loved it and i also fucked ur mum they both loved my big balls!!!
7k7Dl6koR92Y6TnwYYgAaA	It is most common among people to believe that Hiroshima and Nagasaki were destroyed by nuclear bombs. Not so known fact is that Chuck Norris was spotted in Japan at that time supposedly having minor flatulance problem due to assassination attempt with uranium filled sushi. Hence the later radiation.
qfhQZ1A1SUuww5NhOtardw	If a vampire bites Chuck Norris, it becomes his slave.
sN-ZLiAUS9aXfGF1P8R1FQ	CHuck Norris rests his morning cup of coffee on his morning wood.
gNMUYDLwRZW-qd9RG6HPzQ	Chuck Norris jizzes lightning bolts.
TQzB5pQXToSotPQ2AMTFZA	Chuck Norris has a set of hips made for war.
P-ppb19aRFGXbPntRlde_w	Chuck Norris is a @$$ weeeeeeeeeeeeeee
PvkjQqtaQYiZzG1R9IBpqw	Chuck Norris can run a nuclear power station using a rowing machine.
kkFEPHGHQ6KMroEsEPqNtw	Bon Jovi went out in a Blaze of Glory because they stood behind Chuck Norris when he lit a fart!
2CtaRAe4RICkKncKCmn9sg	Chuck Norris doesn't wear a wig. He grows one.
j1veqesaqs-l65pjc6qwzw	Chuck Norris' Penis is a third degree blackbelt, and an honorable 32nd-degree mason.
1YmbeIOzQ2ukCfrnQi_nwQ	Whenever Chuck Norris gets a massage, he gives the female masseuse a happy ending.
Q61oYhARTimMRgEc-vHk8g	When Chuck Norris tells you to give him a hummer, don't protest or cry - you'd best just get on your knees and do it immediately. And you'd better hum the Walker: Texas Ranger theme.
w6L_JOAYQa-jxfpKnPBMJg	Chuck Norris can make love to 500 women a day, while destroying all of the cock block ninjas that get in his way.
M7TQyAxcR_uxa0dvTXH3Hw	Chuck Norris was ask to join the cast of The Exspendables, but once Stallone offered Chuck the part.... he did a roundhouse kick, and said with a grin.. Sly you know as well as anyone.. Chuck Norris is not expendable.
t0cBeQM8TJujQ9wkFLivMQ	Chuck Norris invented the alphabets cos he was tired of being the only man with education.
Jrutn9a0Q6WTxB8PH8xHWg	Chuck Norris can read braille by smelling the paper.
C-xId08pSfi_e6WOnCQ_0w	Chuck Norris owns property in the Uncanny Valley
-p5kboGCRvS1gXju2Sj_Ow	CHuck Norris doesn't smoke crack. He cracks smoke.
RVkmDsY1RjyXimlBAW-mIg	Chuck Norris once round house a chevy and a ford was invented
CuiWPCpZRCePsOJW0Fbzlw	Chuck Norris doesn't worship Buddah,Buddah worships Chuck Norris.
oACQIEo0QtCtUYzz5LhJGw	The original phrase "balls to the wall" was in reference to anytime Chuck Norris entered a building smaller than an aircraft hanger
ZPjKsBDiRiyRMY3356hD7w	Chuck Norris once roundhouse house kicked a man for asking him who invented the Roundhouse Kick.
lpPw7f8XSEKHiJQBAy_Jmg	Chuck Norris is callin' you pinhead!
x1NN3DNPQFaP6AFU63ISUw	Chuck Norris just killed Clas.J
w20vVcZUS6S0foEFyCPNRQ	Chuck Norris is solving world hunger one kick at a time.
DThQUVCOQP2nzXjNtaYQRA	The sunami in Japan was an accident. Chuck Norris just wanted to splash around in the tub.
-PEc-qmSRCCAngDInERh9A	The only type of fever Chuck Norris ever gets is disco fever.
w0Ud22m8SgqwoRgfh9IZlQ	Chuck Norris has never used a seat belt, because nothing holds Chuck Norris back
YQI99Xx1TAGC3NPqm6me-g	Chuck Norris is edgier than all the ghettos of Detroit.
ZSqaezMQQvOxy5t4YzIupA	When The Four Horseman of the Apocalypse entered this world, the first person they met was Chuck Norris. They now bunk at his horse ranch in Texas and clean the manure from the stables every morning.
j8eVPeCBTpiuKxlsWRRagg	Chuck Norris throws massive Roman orgies for Lent.
e82_skt1twatoavnakhafg	Chuck Norris did not "lose" his virginity, he stalked it and then destroyed it with extreme prejudice.
Uj74c4g4QMWWERfPj7FJAw	Do not stare at Chuck Norris' beard, or it may feel threatened and leap off his face and smother you to death.
KN3FvL55RC60tC1bDtI7sA	Most atheists agree that Chuck Norris is God's gift to mankind
4_F1TB2RTm2QLcFlEqppoA	Chuck Norris' pet snake has hair on its scrotum and ingrown toenail.
bKNreFZFTFyS2e-NDVuWew	When Chuck Norris was a teenager, he spanked his monkey with a baboon.
THwTT3weT0G9WwK6kjIvhw	Chuck Norris can eat chicken noodle soup with a knife.
GkHZOlPqR1qvgondfP8pOw	a king cobra once bit Chuck Norris... after 5 days of terrible pain... the snake died
LVCbAu5aT7KyoSHO91FHMQ	If Chuck Norris ever dies, the US military will honor him with a 21-nuke salute, on France, just like he always wanted.
2J_POrv4QSeJgfgtdnYVbA	Jack Lallane gave birth to Chuck Norris, who in turn, gave birth to Jack Lallane.  Vin Diesel was the afterbirth.
HwaAStnqSc6arCrrRoUATw	Chuck Norris goes on a daily walk to the moon!
OEgSVQwFRTyUWUrmXrvDnQ	If you ever talk shit about Texas, don't be surprised when Chuck Norris teleports into the room and starts slapping you around.
r_75veUOSUmOODRDzs-ejQ	You can sometimes guess what Chuck Norris is about to do to you by listening to the music that plays out of nowhere when he settles his terrifying glare on you.
a2xnpeWYQXiWoUBfaBHITQ	Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked a black person so hard he turned white
VqO8upngR-e8dzcdEegGFA	Chuck Norris is imortal because death is hidding from him.
o43EpRVxSQe-4DsX0v-qbw	As a one-man band, Chuck Norris can do note-perfect renditions of Slipknot songs.
4qyHQEKnRo2wr9RdZCcdtQ	Chuck Norris once stared at a solar eclipse using a pair of binoculars. The seared binoculars are now the world's first dual lense 3D kaleidoscope.
qH-x3PBUR6ugo-1_TJ9udA	Before sliced bread, people used to say, "That's the greatest thing since Chuck Norris." But Chuck Norris was displeased by this. So he roundhouse kicked a loaf of bread into slices.
rCI5cZ_8SOSJ2AByko6hyQ	The A-Team originally was to have only 1 member: Chuck Norris. But when NBC couldn't meet Chuck's salary demands, they had to replace him with the quartet of B.A., Face, Hannibal and Murdock.
CbAdkF8IReK9hstCWkoVug	Chuck Norris got lost in San Francisco's Castro District. A man asked Chuck how he'd like to try a gay experience. Chuck asked how he'd like to experience the One Finger Exploding Brain Death Touch.
LDlO5x0-Rbq28xj9KfMuLQ	Chuck Norris recently appeared in a special episode of "Behind The Beard" to talk about his life, acting career, his epic sexual virility, his boots, beer, his current kill count (rounded down to the nearest thousand), martial arts, death, whiskey and his penis.
yji6_xNdSJWRzRKgLzrMUQ	Chuck Norris is known for doing every cool thing you've ever seen a person do in a movie, but significantly better.
8zOf-i_xStygSnpYnlEKcg	Chuck Norris can crash your dorm party get all the women's attention and shit on the floor before he leaves, why? Because he's Chuck Norris.
tiE6NX-mRAWFpTz2p4o7cA	Chuck Norris can milk a bull
A7-oAwHKSTGuxl51W8x3DQ	Chuck Norris did the Moon Walk Under Water
wvvg9dMPRk6pp-tf3wGEGA	All is Chuck Norris and Chuck Norris is All.
pCskm9xXSMOJ0C5--iwCAw	Once, when crossing a RR track while riding his horse, Chuck Norris was struck by an Amtrak train. He was the only survivor.
47kvKtDAQHGpH7l28z-3vw	Chuck Norris can outrun his legs and feet
I3Og3CuVRJOS7PXfKcGX3g	Chuck Norris entered the NFL Hall of Fame on the first ballot.
EC1-9uMqR5OFVwOQasljjw	Chuck Norris created ninjas.
pcIpDYNTSDKnDf0yyT1evA	Nature gets back to Chuck Norris
DnfkdTp8RY6U4rJ9N5LO7Q	If Superman and The Flash had a race to the end of the world, Chuck Norris would be the winner.
wwejtx8ascmzfkc6gjqmqa	Chuck Norris kills anyone that asks: "Do you want fries with that?". Because by now everyone should know that Chuck doesn't want fries with anything. Ever.
I1onGkuaSDy8Z0lfvtMJKA	Chuck Norris once went to the doctors for a needle, but instead of the needle piercing Chuck Norris' skin, Chuck Norris' skin pierced the needle.
sCJVvS9eS--Tyut3QIVmoA	Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked Cher and turned back time.
ENCeUlMOQtOrJZZ5vEw0Nw	Super Man's nacked eye can withstand a bullet. Chuck Norris' middle finger can reflect a laser beam and kill the shooter between the eyes.
vR7AOxgjQm25GykPq0OHQw	Chuck Norris can light farts bare assed.
1NRZS9sFQF-K5OxcYEzVDQ	Chuck Norris lives in Navasota, Texas. Navasota has a crime rate of precisely zero. No shit. Look it up.
Z13U-6CKRdeBAsH-jSX6LQ	They had to build a second afterlife for all of the people Chuck Norris killed.
SJW5lgSrQ_2CVH8PYrEjiQ	Chuck Norris subscribed to officialpsy after watching Gangnam Style. This is why Gangnam Style is so popular.
uPgE83J0QnKJJbblbBuJ3w	When life throws lemons at chuck Norris, he catches them and throws them back at life.
D2jYPTdkRqa9yZ6Gkp1UBw	Chuck Norris doesn't dial the wrong number. You answered the wrong phone.
oekcOKYAQPSeKRF3H-Dr7A	Chuck Norris raced light. Now he is always in the dark!
KgICog-bQEu7P704gXeILQ	The square root of Chuck Norris: pain. Chuck Norris squared: death. Chuck Norris cubed: you don't want to know.
Qu5A5HmaSfSIoUBI7v9a9A	Danger had a face, until Chuck Norris ripped it off.
sMOXnio_RKaze9O02B7mPQ	Chuck Norris once kicked a baby elephant into puberty
WALeUSA1TFKEqt8lsxnf8g	they once made Chuck Norris toilit paper but there was a problem Chuck Norris doesnt take crap
gCzZY8alSoeLZC6jziRCqA	SpongeBob SquarePants once called Chuck Norris a Crabby Patty sissy boy. An angy Chuck Norris then roundhouse kicked SpongeBob in the ass so hard that he had to legally change his name to SpongeBob NoRectumPants.
FRGNpt0ISu6niSZPDmjyGw	The funniest joke ever was told by Chuck Norris about some tumbleweed that rolled by in silence.
z2y1dxH5TJiJRtz_6-_6kw	The Chuck Norris family once had a weiner roast in what was formally called the Mojave Forrest.
hrlBSByNS3CEpLM-M_971w	An average guy going up against Chuck Norris would be like Woody Allen going into the ring with Mike Tyson.
zpz2_Y4oS0ufnUZ3-WUQcw	Chuck Norris dosent need love, Chuck Norris is love.
uxlMQk7SSGeZEmYf7AyUgA	Chuck Norris smashed the guy from Smashmouth in the mouth.
ujNhRlJfRhKgcovkXitidQ	Chuck Norris scrathes his balls with barb wire.
Wr8L3n8jTYqxAzN17tfFew	Chuck Norris can slice meat so thin it only has one side.
Mura3a2-SoOo94qA93KwBg	Chuck Norris is not affected by the human condition.
Xuzdj6tmTTCocUo6YbHmsQ	Chuck Norris can hermetically seal a can of whoop ass and disguise it as a trick or treat gift for his annoying neighborhood kids.
eyXrLzbRQbWwX3y9cfY-uQ	Chuck Norris gets around in a monster truck instead of a buggy when he's playing golf.
Cy2VRE8yRO2yq0qCINgexw	Lance Armstrong finally admitted to his steroid use simply because Chuck Norris warned him that he would bite the other one off.
lbLFmqPXQN6j6xU_xjXQRA	Chuck Norris was originally set to play Dr. Manhattan in Watchmen, but the producers realized that the vision of a butt-naked fifty-foot tall, blue-glowing Chuck would result in erotically-charged rioting in cinemas the world over.
ImXwc0K-Q8SKJczyeLjnbQ	The only thing Chuck Norris writes on his resume is his name.
9Ug7xUUNSU-k5F2C8_FSdA	Chuck Norris is a poet, and damn straight he knows it.
83gz_74ISPOcXaDgmvzelg	Chuck Norris knows that the world isn't flat...but with one punch, it could be.
GOkQDO5GQV-7eUHDJkKIrQ	Chuck Norris doesn't take the front door. He takes the front wall as his entrance.
Dyn6v0FkROiU8GypQmytSg	When Chuck Norris' balls dropped, the Earth itself wobbled on its axis.
tuomJ8mXS_y2_L6Qakz6uA	Chuck Norris beat the director of 'Good Luck Chuck' to death with a pool cue.
_18wi8QrQKe2Gsi6S-t1Rg	If you ever have to go to prison, get "property of Chuck Norris" tattooed on your body and you can drop the soap with no fear.
PcDtUZBTRzmG6VqoF91Rlg	The number pi isn't really infinite.Chuck Norris just hasn't told it to stop yet.
ybdZOKxkSQ-wyejUK4NjZg	Wimpy made sure he reimbursed Chuck Norris the following Tuesday for the hamburger he ate that day.
3otu41e_QmigrFNrUsWuxQ	It's a little-known fact that Chuck Norris has coached every sprinter who has won an Olympic gold medal since 1984.  His secret technique?  "Win...or else."
lZaCwizkQ0yVgKgrglxCqw	Once Chuck Norris forgot to cover his mouth before he sneezed, ever since the Moon has crates!
j9TudF_VTGeJqhW_979o-w	Superman has no defense against Kryptonite...and Chuck Norris.
ujiS-UoESnG33v4MULx2Tg	Chuck Norris's recessive genes dominate everyone else's.
JwMOI33QS86OBdhlh118Kg	When Chuck Norris was a bartender he invented a drink called the "Colon Slammer". It was made with Vodka and Prune juice.
bX7YeKZaSRSCV_hC-LgJDg	Chuck Norris puts his pants on by roundhouse kicking his closet.
lx5mMleKQ_OjYAN6ZU3BNw	God offered Chuck Norris the gift to fly, which he swiftly declined for super strength roundhouse ability.
vvwoodhpr1-bbid5hbs9gw	Ozzy Osbourne bites the heads off of bats. Chuck Norris bites the heads off of Siberian Tigers.
9ZWue2k-Slqgpu9Sq28VAw	March 10, 2010. Somebody attempted to give Chuck Norris his bithday spankings today. Upon impact of the first spank, their hand exploded. Nobody spanks Chuck Norris.
f7FYzU6US6K7YbGprPE2nA	On Valentine's Day, Chuck Norris gives his wife the still beating heart of one of his enemies. Being very romantic, Chuck Norris believes every day should be Valentine's Day.
wi5BbveIRaG5jqwev764sw	Chuck Norris played chicken with a train...and won.
-gOdC_s-QBOkPQ6ntQ-Xgg	The goverment called Chuck Norris to ask him to destroy an asteroid the size of Texas.Chuck Norris then rode on top of a rocket with nothing but a fork and a cherrybomb.Needless to say, the asteroid lost.
m0i9Soh0SVqn6REAfk10uw	If you have $100 and Chuck Norris is broke, He still has more money than you.
NsKmSoPFRtG4tGCxCGnYWg	Chuck Norris once beat a ghost to life.
Fy13bVHIQAGy4FSuuKying	Chuck Norris killed "Digger" his toenail fungus character by simply ripping his toenails out on one leisurely Sunday afternoon.
4kXxSu3JRSGlF8ow2yP9VA	Chuck Norris once needed "more cowbell" from the New York Philharmonic Symphony Orchestra and he damn well got it.
vG700J_6SbqlqTquSi3n2Q	How do you know when Chuck Norris has been in your house? You are now homeless. And, more often than not, dead.
yLzxV578QaSyS8WS_iGHJQ	Chuck Norris once stayed at the Hotel California and was allowed to check out...and leave.
bwGPguRLTQatdtKuteV_0w	chuck Norris can make jacob from twilight go wolf and run away with his tail between his legs just by entering a hundred mile radius of where jacob is :) :P :O
u3P31pkKRxW9O5geLZ_yqA	Chuck Norris uses the big dipper to eat his cereal.
zOTfStMVS8OcxGowF5MuJw	Michael Jackson invented the Moonwalk after observing Chuck Norris in a pasture while he was scraping horse shit off his boot heels.
C5Kbzj4jTWa5wxKM9uKiAg	Chuck Norris can SEE invisible tape
lGhn_npgRDy1b7F3fn0KFg	Chuck Norris keeps a boazooka and a gatling gun in his glove compartment.
3vljCjddRUSAaeof6XXOZA	Chuck Norris takes less shit than a drip-fed colonectomy patient.
4PWCdNDwTvCseDFCALGDfA	People have often asked the United States, "What is your secret weapon against terrorists?" We simply reply, "Chuck Norris."
rQIkJjqWSguRZBMp_W7OrA	The Chinese started learning American English so that they could praise Chuck Norris in English.
5qfNZJzCQN6hA1PD6QjNeA	Chuck Norris' current body count is the same as the negative ratings on joke #1868
xRd8xf1cQbSjLLKS_xOJvA	Mighty Mouse often sang "Here I Come to Save the Day!" The next and little-known line of that song was "Because Chuck Norris Has My Back!"
qrzW4fz0SfS6YbFg6G38wQ	Chuck Norris once shot down a Russian MIG in an aerial dogfight. Chuck was flying in a hot air ballon.
X7W9ifioR0KpSbXZDiGaIw	Chuck Norris built the Panama Canal with his left foot.
-WtJie5ZSyuwZRInTDi6tQ	A good golfer can often make a 'birdie'. Better golfers frequently get an 'eagle'. Chuck Norris always gets a 'vulture'.
-6K3feekSy2kkvH0TCfQJg	Chuck Norris called himself Walker because he doesn't need to run to catch all the bandits.
RCh4CNQxS-2-nKzwEzXpew	There's an old saying: what's good for the goose, is good for the gander. Conversly, what's good for Chuck Norris is most likely lethal to most mortals.
toRr7TfST_GipdLOzAreCA	Chuck Norris killed the greek warrior achilles with a roundhouse kick to his face. Then one night Chuck Norris made a joke he says "Ah-kill-hes face!"
Sqsz1gl7Qa25Dc7dUyucyA	Why is Chuck Norris artificial fertilized?....Because nobody fucks his mother.
ALTmigNrQiSJhXEoETaviw	Chuck Norris. He doesn't like to fuck around.
EI-0fbPpQ_qjTJJ-XLjaQw	Chuck Norris once raised over $2.5 billion for charity in 2 hours using the slogan "Give, or I'll hurt you."
xgdcWgJHSN2qt33VAf6I3Q	Chuck Norris once used a live rattlesnake as a condom.
5qAzSckfSfSs2_5NG1Kebg	When Clarke Kent goes into a phonebox Superman comes out. When Chuck Norris goes into a phonebox... Chuck Norris comes out.
rwIB7NX-QZ2GMY1dmtgM-w	Chuck Norris once got aids. He sent them on an espionage mission to Phuket, Thailand, and they all got AIDS.
wCVSOY-ARqK2E9P4630aFw	Chuck Norris' favorite chewing gum are bullets.
aiNny1zgThiFU0QX4OnTBw	If suddenly the world was taken over by aliens and everyone was made their slaves, Chuck Norris would be made their king, no questions asked.
dEDAxKQER_uk3nJcZa5AAA	Chuck Norris wrote his autobiography in Hexadecimal.
LxdZRatXQpyJrf6s4NV7KA	Some have said to seeing Chuck Norris levitate. Truth is, Earth just moves down when he farts.
-w_MXH7KQvG4khSu_cJLpg	Chuck Norris always hits the G-spot with mathematical precision.
g8k9ztKGRaK9TTQpu9J1dw	the americans didnt nuke japan, Chuck Norris jumped out of a plane and punched the ground
bepe6LjzRXezKlXPlwdyVg	Chuck Norris can compare apples to oranges.
F05k1IrWSsWxwc9yeZrdwQ	Chuck Norris has an 11-inch prehensile tongue.
rg5eGKsLQyCLqjN05eBMhw	did you see the movie godzilla he did'nt come to scare newyork he came to get away from Chuck Norris
1bnwenwlt02zxm8iu7ahsq	Once you go Norris, you are physically unable to go back.
2Osz7gAyQQetbexcrcKYXw	Lego was invented when a Chuck Norris action figure smashed all the other toys to pieces.
hZPtTBWJTMiISvCcI0FcQQ	Best. Weapon. Against. Zombie. Apocalypse?!  Chuck Norris.
G4nwErB1RCOzOEVeNMnUvw	Some people go their whole lives never realizing they are but a figment of Chuck Norris' imagination.
EGN3Tqy3RWiTNWaXQJRZuA	Chuck Norris can pick an apple out of a basket full of oranges
Bise8bhhR8-Hs6i0sRN1rQ	At his wedding, Chuck Norris' first dance number was to 'Lord Of This World' by Black Sabbath.
9gnFAm4uQZ2mGnDpWFb0Ag	What is the definition of infinity? The number of people Chuck Norris has roundhouse kicked in the face.
KD6HcQtfRfGcfCEdsx_lmw	Chuck Norris once had a zoo, he said that most of it tasted like chicken.
DzAbE-R6S3qYJB0cQ6tlgw	You can give Chuck Norris a full-body massage, and he still can't be touched.
LJZoJcDuSjiy2zJnC3h3Vg	Chuck Norris' denim shirt contains three Robin Williams's worth of chest hair.
lhd4MKotRsCHrUad15vykg	When a biker falls while riding he gets a permanent case of road rash. When a ninja falls fighting Chuck Norris he gets a permanent case of Chuck rash.
J-ko1JqyQEmMvN7195Jz0A	For fun, Chuck Norris crab fishes in the Bearing Sea with just a snorkel and a laundry basket.
biCCc27FT4C9riHOK3fkyg	Chuck Norris has the letters G-O-D written across his shoulders. He has his email address written along his penis in the same sized font.
DQJQMtukR2q6Xzfy4hblvQ	Chuck Norris has a fire crotch. Really, there is fire down there. His deadly Roundhouse is a result of him trying to put out the blaze.
1J4iXMZgSLCkZT7n-xHRSQ	when Chuck Norris leaves a good first impression, 9 chances out of 10, it's usually the sole of his boot on there face.
SiqCscf3R7-p6gwVR4FXvA	When Chuck Norris goes to the club he doesnt dance, he does "the Chuck Norris boogey" aka roundhouse kicking everyone
3ryA4oPhRTa9AU_7iyaW4Q	The sperm whale first derived when Chuck Norris first reached puberty.
FccECs1xRru1tAOgALGLTw	Chuck Norris usually showers by buying several dozen puppies and kittens, then starting up his wood chipper.
QHwTATstQomkCFBa-ELf-Q	Chuck Norris' hair has a tint of red due to the stain of blood from bloodshed
anpVQt27SMOyPEPLcR4qTQ	Chuck Norris can kill you in your sleep even if you're wide awake.
BYu2BMVcQc6iZozbea7RKQ	If he wanted to, Chuck Norris could roundhouse kick you in the face with the ingrown hair on his ass even tho' he doesn't have one.
kFhB75DpRCWQCuMj91zRsw	Hand Sanitizer Doesn't Clean Chuck Norris Chuck Norris Cleans It
VhG4SwutQq6EOwYjIv_qcw	When Chuck Norris's Dewott's Hyper Beam misses, it kills someone in Minecraft.
HokmGdNITvm8QhLHgqE9WA	Chuck Norris dosn't climb mountains; mountains climb Chuck Norris.
f1HlvJqKST2o37wofFB9SA	Chuck Norris once created his own website, but it was soon removed because people never managed to get out of the website alive.
R_JVJT1VRl6H69zbjxyC2g	Chuck Norris doenst flush the toilet because he beats the shit out of it
LSW0QGoNQTONp1-8PQhdiQ	Chuck Norris does not run out of bullets, bullets run out of Chuck Norris:
QoE68uNnSHKOBWo6HREmsA	Hitler wanted to give Chuck Norris a gift for his fifth birthday. Unfortunately for Hitler, he gave it to Chuck a month late. This made Chuck Norris mad, so as a result, Hitler was forced to kill himself.
xKf2aGuIQzqDNsHfAIXUQA	If you look directly at Chuck Norris you will go blind and loose your will to live.
r_Kal1kRTgm1wSntGvBhZw	When Chuck Norris came to a fork in the road, he picked it up.
b-5v0ja3q7w25rgx2pctzq	Think of a hot woman. Chuck Norris did her.
9h8eMu3WS8WlZvGIfkEPfg	The raisins in Kellogg's Raisin Bran are actually dehydrated Chuck Norris boogers.
bYXG_ojyTQK0WNzKWBYV7g	If pussy had calories Chuck Norris would have died of obesity decades ago
Qgr8rXRTQYW1qiRvOnxKrA	On his birthday, Chuck Norris blows out his candles by blinking.
swtkKIZnQKCte1w8iL5yxg	The secret ingredient in Miracle Grow is Chuck Norris sweat. It scares plants into growing faster.
h07CQEgCS_eVXB9lwtLoCw	Chuck Norris can win a game of rock-paper-scissors with his boot.
YaCDcPSaSliX9npx-19a7A	Chuck Norris craps gold.
tt-M8meyRYyNm7mhN-A-ng	Chuck Norris isn't gay, he's just run out of women
wWUy5MvDRnO8h8YJioALnQ	Chuck Norris would never swing from a chandoleer. He would devour it in one jump.
DFqJEXGiQ_KikrdahlvmWg	Q. What did Chuck Norris do with his first 50 cent piece? A. After climaxing, he punched her in the face and took back his half dollar. Nobody charges Chuck Norris for his services!
7cFXrIriSROSyi0V0JDWhQ	The head of Chuck Norris' penis has knuckles.
U9gQfOEERhuhSY4RcJ0g4Q	When Chuck Norris enters a Red Lobster restaurant, the shrimp stab themselves with an EpiPen to avoid antiphelactic shock.
Sn270vPpQIy3vHYTUirFSg	Chuck Norris can give a Ninntendo Gameboy a sex-change and create a Gamegirl.
sX-YjxISRmKwI5HG_as1Rw	You know how the old saying goes: You can take the boy out of Texas, but you can't stop Chuck Norris from killing you. And that boy.
mftEDf4iRSaTbrv57hFxdA	Foghorn Leghorn to Chuck Norris: "Listen to me, I say, pay attention to me boy when I'm talkin to ya!" Chuck Norris: "Anybody care for some chicken fricassee?"
jGtKT580Td6uCCRKle0SjQ	Chuck Norris can save 15% or more on car insurance WITHOUT switching to Geico.
3ejDUXYRRj2uYewAqKGvTg	When Chuck Norris shaves his beard, it grows back within three minutes. That's why his early movies were so damn hard to film.
YtV-IbXWR7udu22mXNmkFQ	If Chuck Norris was the lead actor of Mission Impossible, the movie would've lasted 1 minute.
dfeXBQtOTV6Vn15_5y56Ag	Chuck Norris has a truck.That truck know is known as Optimus Prime.
kYmI_bruT52KveXr6uH5Yg	Atlantis is at the bottom of the Atlantic, because that's where Chuck Norris put it.
rqFAnAqITaiLOLCkWs9c4Q	Chuck Norris does not have hemorrhoids. That's because when he feels one growing on his asshole, he pinches it off with his steely fingernails and feeds it to Cedric, his pet tarantula.
va5aaacnq3yhx5wvfwtinw	Chuck Norris burst the dot com bubble.
8fwUfU_iQ2Sjs04I8CaPwg	Chuck Norris can eviscerate a moose with his toenails.
hG20vpRXQ_WAQtOOdXqUNQ	Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind was beer. Chuck Norris invented beer. Granted, the wheel was also a fine invention but you can't serve a wheel with pizza which was also invented by Chuck Norris.
BEtMEpIIT-CWyf0jLCzJSw	When Chuck Norris kidnaps mobsters, he puts them inside the trunk of his motorcycle.
KXdPTXnXS76zr5boQ9-rIA	Zeus from Greek myth fathered many children, has a beard, and killed his own father. No, Zeus is not Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris killed Zeus for copying him.
Hc1oGQMSSgmbkffdIxu-OA	If Chuck Norris coughs on you, you owe him 50 bucks.
fir5uxUCTaa7nYwLg9RfhQ	Consider it a bad sign and fair warning if you ever hear Chuck Norris humming the opening to 'The Final Countdown'.
tZa7_SyERqmFoFJZC0Aniw	There is a Chuck Norris fact number zero, but those who read it will get blind because that was Chuck Norrir's first created by Chuck Norris himself.
atfmenvtsaatnvplw_lpla	For undercover police work, Chuck Norris pins his badge underneath his shirt, directly into his chest.
kloj8_6utuwlbixe3ek9sq	70% of a human's weight is water. 70% of Chuck Norris' weight is his dick.
CpM7NFI7Qeq1ublS1WuMaw	Chuck Norris can clip his toenails, blow up a balloon, sneeze and inhale a cigarette at the same time.
oHFlKhnDT0q9wZP8E-4KsQ	A reporter asked Chuck Norris if he considered himself a 2nd rate actor or a 3rd rate actor? Chuck asked the reporter if he preferred a fractured skull or a ruptured spleen.
4vinYQjBRfq7bdhG2Rgoew	Chuck Norris sold Kajiji on KAJIJI
Yd6m3GGcRIee1Qa-pALzvQ	Chuck norris once squeezed a m&m so hard that it became a skittle.
IsL7U24zTHqdYYMSZqZR_g	Flash the superhero tried running from Chuck Norris.....he didnt get far
T4emNDAXTq-r7fGRn0qsYA	Some people like to eat frog legs. Chuck Norris likes to eat lizard legs.
c58DsFcJQomQuyRwQ_0ogQ	Chuck Norris is the man who shot Liberty Valance.
CNLljbOJTB-pN2EFs4xH7g	Chuck Norris was a Sherman Tank in a past life.
DyCFMASXTJuXqJWTwnvCpw	mumbai streets are flooded again. why is Chuck Norris crying today?
qooMyxKpQPesNGVTqkU5xQ	Whenever Chuck Norris leaves a building, it explodes in dramatic form while Chuck walks away nonchalantly. Having a home is difficult for Chuck.
4hQcWYNIQa2EumY25_M4HA	the concept of 0 was created after a battle againts the romans and the greeks. the romans had Chuck Norris on there side, so when the battle was over and they counted the dead there were no greeks left, then the concept of 0 was born.
-Z5FIMGTSmGStr-gkend8w	When Chuck Norris was 5, he went to the Mall to see Santa. Santa asked "what would you like little boy, a train set? A bike? Chuck replied "no Santa, I want a rocket launcher".
zfgekm2usfyfra7m5x0wta	If tapped, a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick could power the country of Australia for 44 minutes.
ncHgYn2qQqu7M_YXyujPdQ	Bill and Ted's excellent adventures were sponsored by Chuck Norris.
zFRa-z-7QgSm3sw_neFpZA	Chuck Norris invented the nipple cripple.
aW-BU3EoQkaRSq7WT6T3Ag	Chuck Norris always finds the G-spot.
b3IXX26rQauxAK50i9uavw	...Where no man has gone before! Chuck Norris doesn't need the "Star Fleet". He's went everywhere.
HCzXevFiRRS-o3Cy9Ko1wA	Chuck Norris doesn't rape... No one says no to Chuck Norris!!
K5WFxXV3QP6ljBnxIxb_pg	Chuck Norris pisses gold and craps chocolate.
TVbuLkPVQ76HFRw3v2yJyA	Chuck Norris wrote down that 1+1=4 on a math test and got it right.
WwUOQU25SGeunr4LVJTDNw	Chuck Norris did not look at Tupac or Biggie. He merely looked at them!
fwnuhljktgw4vj7ra0axow	Crime does not pay - unless you are an undertaker following Walker, Texas Ranger, on a routine patrol.
FTozO4vnQ1SVvoM9YDlbhA	Chuck Norris once pissed in the woods and it became the Petrified Forest.
KczmlOVBSXynsOZ2P1Hj7g	Chuck norris can drown a fish
f4D2Q0shT7uA3OakD99QyA	Chuck Norris's girlfriend once asked him how much wood a woodchuck could chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood. He then shouted, "HOW DARE YOU RHYME IN THE PRESENCE OF CHUCK NORRIS!!!!" and ripped out her throat. Holding his girlfriend's bloody throat in his hand he bellowed, "Don't fuck with Chuck!" Two years and five months later he realized the irony of this statement and laughed so hard that anyone within a hundred mile radius of the blast went deaf.
PjphWj6UTaCUoA2cVsTcsA	Chuck Norris does not smoke cigarettes. He smokes people.
GhRlXFMORRmtH-_fvekxTw	Chuck Norris can smother a Velociraptor by clamping his anal sphincter around the raptor's nose.
tYl0eVp8R4mFlttOpocKPQ	Steven Seagal once invited Chuck Norris over to his house and challenged him to a game billiards. Chuck Norris easily won by simply racking his balls for him.
JSPrjjiNQgyXnAhFfjG6Qw	As a child, Chuck Norris' favorite pass time was running at the speed of light and ripping apart the fabric of time and space for fun and entertainment.
H6DV_WsERIG7zqf4xGTcvA	If you ever make the mistake of confessing to Chuck Norris that you are a vegetarian, prepare to be immediately smothered to death by a slab of fresh veal.
rn-CCefIQX-dw5Ur6uQcEw	Chuck Norris can lick his elbows, at the same time...
VcooRB5DQP-w9cG8p4g8eg	Chuck Norris once threw a cigarette butt out of his car window while passing through the Sahara Rainforest.
CAF4AqwWSuuPYs_Q68XCIA	Chuck Norris' pet snail can go 50 mph and that's only it's jogging speed.
6jZ67ghmQ6SE8od_xM8qfA	Chuck Norris believes some people can only be taught a lesson via gunshot.
fQGz8GRiRYy9heGwbmA1zg	Chuck Norris once walked into a bar and said, "My c*ck is two inches". The bartender laughed and Chuck Norris said, "From the Ground".
tudUv6WpRiefRiv4gYUHgg	the 300 spartans would have not stood a chance against the pesians if Chuck Norris had not let them use the "total gym".
lzsVW34YQ8e2tZiaVVptvg	Chuck Norris can use the simple gesture of pointing to perform multiple tasks. These include: Shooting down a plane Increasing a woman's cup sie b an exponential amount Pulling off a 360 no-scope Simulating the usage of a 5-iron Changing the channel to exactly what he wants
fXhBt-DNSZ2sor9YTP21fA	the only time Chuck Norris will cry is in 2012, when he's not the one killing everybody.
R_odt5UORsaqYYuXgeKXxA	Chuck Norris once decided to sell his saliva as an areosol spray. He called it "WD-40"
N1x2N3tqQEWB3R7CSmcrKQ	When Chuck Norris watches Barney & Friends, Barney doesn't sing songs.
PlLwAjosS0qIBSKv9zGjfg	When Chuck Norris calls 911 it's to ask if everything is ok.
DwNDG7ySToKsDKGecRZhkQ	Chuck Norris can make Happy Wheels cry.
yV-FZgTMQgC8-3cFP2mNWg	Chuck Norris can make pigs fly.
6Gmu4wB-QO60anyd6UuZWA	Chuck Norris' beard does not hide his secret smile. It hides another, angrier beard.
nu7rMKC_QQWY3cbymTgJ5g	Chuck Norris won the 'Dancing with the Stars' competition by Moonwalking on his butt cheeks.
5kXRXFKQTV-18Worzd7AtA	Chuck Norris's daughter had her virginity stolen:Chuck Norris stole it back
x-S5-XeKSjmYakx4TEYTBw	Chuck Norris wears green on St. Patricks day. Noone dares pinch him
5mucrJCsSRuzHYpVlqXXmw	It goes without saying that Chuck Norris is undefeated in the Thunderdome.
BoZsJRTnR8KMQwTiUFKsSg	Chuck Norris invented spectacles so even short-sighted people could see how brilliant he is.
vVIdLw_0Qv2hg8GxKQHWNQ	Chuck Norris can describe a color to a blind person.
BfABDVISSjW7kSVSZa8mwA	One thing Chuck Norris cannot do, is tenderizing meat, once he tried it it got pulverized.
67GGO2PhRtmuKnzSaeNptg	You quickly realize you've had a bad encounter with Chuck Norris when you reach over your shoulder to rub something off your back and discover it's your face.
mDXob-vtQ1CcQV7sJtQr0Q	Chuck Norris can make diamonds from belly button lint.
E-H-5-TlS2msprVLgr40cQ	Why did the chicken cross the road? Because it was afraid to be on the same side as Chuck Norris.
RwK5Z2y-T1aN1jrkRmqf_g	School busses stop for Chuck Norris
QlalY5D_T869r5Rmeu1lfw	Mr. Miyagi may be able to catch a fly with chopsticks but Chuck Norris eats soup with his.
eUjBYVjVSm-VyO9Uq6Q0Bw	Chuck Norris is so strong that he can chew water
dVv6y3F1TXqPkCBzYSMF2g	Chuck Norris recently had to bail his mother out of jail. She was locked up for her role in a Friday night bar fight.
5LzfOCtZSKm9o4Vbf3y-Ng	Chuck Norris was in the US Air Force in Korea. He flew 27 kamikaze missions without a helmet.
RvFbd2RhS46DR7ko8n1t2A	Chuck Norris can make lemonade out of oranges.
z-sPdqWoRtaXiMLbozz2Tg	Nintendo once tried to duplicate Chuck Norris' hands. They got close; we know them as Dialga & Palkia.
bK4vOaqfQN63urdHVYPDAA	Chuck Norris only started sleeping with Asian women because none of the kids he had could show him how to use chop sticks.
9JwDwTV5QDajqPnoxrlxsA	Chuck Norris' unicycle is equipped with a windshield, cup holder, Bose Surround Sound Sterio System, beer cooler, flood lights, toilet, ash tray, bunk beds, 60 inch flat screen TV, winch, spare tire, wood burning fireplace and a hibachi grill. And that's just a start. More amenities are forthcoming.
mz9L5WZUTqmXcr07WdB6-g	Chuck Norris follows everyone on Twitter... and in real life... at the same time.
AsTMVceBRZutfm8nOZCaJA	Chuck Norris can take a shit while his buttocks are tied around his front.
ZjFvUKJRSK29SHJ7ZH78ag	Chuck Norris was scuba diving when he came face to face with a menacing Great White Shark. Chuck gave the shark a bloody nose and leisurely continued his dive.
CzQWp_N9T4yYzTyeufVouQ	Confucius say wise man not face front of bull, not face back of mule, not face Chuck Norris.
WeZFqcg_T92j4SLGSKSquA	Chuck Norris' penis is even bigger than that.
3-scKZLYRnq2Uazq46qs5w	Chuck Norris gave the Pope permission to have a cuncubine.
cq6hLP0ETeW4VSrm7SYg5A	Chuck Norris knows WAZZZUP!
aEYgivGaS6GDCD72QuYFuQ	Chuck Norris likes to perform surprise lobotomies with an ice-cream scoop.
hXnHrOvnRxyWUkydWDfu7w	Chuck Norris gives Red Bull wings
n3Ig8DSuQtiBgapW1BtI5Q	Every time Chuck Norris goes to New Orleans, hot women bare their breasts for him whether it's Mardi Gras or not.
IvFTAdCcQwy1qJi-P2cutw	Chuck Norris' first car was a bulldozer.
Gp7tG2K7S4OKbsFwmMOtdQ	Chuck Norris doesn't get gas, he uses his own piss to drive his car
wvTkm9hxQb2KoCv0_l7rnQ	Chuck Norris can speak French....in Russian
r8NlMqGpRNSK4brQZe-zSQ	If they couldn't get John Malkovich for the movie 'Being John Malkovich', they would have simply changed it to 'Being Chuck Norris', and made a porno.
-jFIcdyaQiqzgQzePrzIzg	Chuck Norris has made it to the end of the Internet. Twice.
6x_cuOMOS--JgnzzjTmmAg	Chuck Norris can masturbate with no hands.
TwLtg7nJQ7i6FnJE9fVwag	When Chuck Norris vomits, wealthy people scavenge it for food. Too bad for them Chuck Norris never vomits.
SSZYG8ZMRwCXnlCPSdC6pQ	Chuck Norris can knock that chip off your shoulder. Usually your shoulder gets knocked off too.
5ell0rhvTmC0TYg044B7Bw	Chuck Norris shaves with a belt sander
YAcLiPWrTFCYFcavRgprzg	A waiter at a restaurant once asked a guy what kind of steak he wanted, the guy said, "A roundhouse". A few minutes later someone walked up beside the guy that ordered the steak while he was reading the menu. Thinking that the person that walked up beside him was the waiter, he asked, "Do you have my roundhouse yet?". He looked up and saw that Chuck Norris was right beside him. Chuck Norris said, "You bet your ass I do!". Chuck Norris then roundhouse kicked the guy in the face and asked, "How did that taste?".
uWmy68ChQ6CBbONu9JQl6Q	Chuck Norris could get to the 4th level of the Scary Maze Game, because he's not afraid of the Exorcist Girl, The Exorcist Girl is afraid of him.
Z5wr5zYPQW6OUUzfVX4e4w	Chuck Norris never uses a condom. Chuck Norris doesn't need protection.
uxepac75siucreupv0qqsg	According to the Encyclopedia Brittanica, the Native American "Trail of Tears" has been redefined as anywhere that Chuck Norris walks.
Fjgy_hibS9CobSVTJv3NOQ	Chuck Norris ones fought Chuck Norris. the world exploded the only person that survived was Chuck Norris no one kills Chuck Norris!!!
vdByF1lMRDONXa2HV5E2Fg	When Graham bell invented the phone he found three messages from Chuck Norris
2-RekvE9SReILLhPcmtPUw	Quantum physicists have found that the only source of energy immense enough to cause subatomic particles to travel backward in time as Neutrino's is Chuck Norris's roundhouse.
4hZy19hrQ_aPMqvCguXd9g	Chuck norris blows up ballons with his nose
l3_p3OmQQBy2L4RzD7HbyQ	Chuck Norris Just Saw Jackass 3D He Was Mad At Johnny Knoxville For Making A Film About Things Chuck Did At The Age Of 5
dx6uOzOKRLCMuwtrldDjYg	Chuck Norris likes to bring a knife to a gunfight.
5Znz5eeSROiodpFHJOx8jQ	Chuck Norris can squeeze carviar out of a lemon.
-37rCRWlT_aSPhWNZZygGg	When God told Chuck Norris he was going to create the earth in six days Chuck Norris said you better or else.
QmdIebXaSkuj6pTVYwLQrg	The following is the short list of things Chuck Norris cannot do:
j4MH4q69SluqRlsiN0YpZw	Chuck Norris can count the ABC
FIPHbmzvThGAWr2V6BuqLg	Chuck Norris is so much trained in military tacticts 'that' once he killed an terrorist in afghanistan through bluetooth
04okMC3WTQasmc9wN32Zzw	Jesus can walk on water, Chuck Norris can swim through land.
ZEuqShFfTYWbKvZz8U1TpQ	Chuck Norris was kicked off the show "Extreme Couponing" the producers couldn't stand watching entire grocery chains file bankruptcy because of Chuck Norris.
NtsbkM_lSBOY8kt963Uelg	Chuck Norris can faithfully reproduce Beethoven's Ninth using a jug, washboard, harmonica, and a pair of spoons.
90IrjoZRTeyoYrVyNfsKAQ	Drugs score Chuck Norris.
VaJ46VDTQsSzIqy9Jk4psg	Chuck Norris is the only thing that matters to Metallica.
Kc5dtcjUTLKeqdYhGkSdyg	Whoever hates Chuck Norris is dead in 40 seconds. If one that hates Chuck Norris changed his/her mind then Chuck Norris will teleport to the hater and punch him/her in the back and his/her spine will crack. Don't mess with Chuck Norris
1afrLeS4QEm5Zh4EsnsNfw	Chuck Norris' Hummer doesn't have a steering wheel, he drives while laying in the back seat using an N64 controller.
7F7uREb_TfeF9jnGKqzyQg	Chuck Norris can speak French in Russian
e2ABbuB7SDa28KjyoEh4BA	Chuck norris once gave his grandma a ball of steal wool and she knitted him a bmx..
0PlGg24YSX--haND5nj4Tw	Chuck Norris ride into town on Friday, stayed three Nights, the rode out again on Friday. On a horse named Steve.
BgJGrkUISQW_BIoYTpAPGg	Robin Williams knew Chuck Norris was coming for him.
MIB3fLpdSOSG8orvfINHiA	Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is based on a true story: Chuck Norris once ate a whole turtle and when he crapped it out it was six feet tall and had learned karate.
aFcEMwnoTUmcP-S6zEbtfw	If Chuck Norris eats anything with the color green, he will shit a billion dollars.
7V7754e1TGaCKNgeAWD7RQ	Chuck Norris' daughter lost her virginity. . .he got it back
HmBzUWKyT0KTeFxz9j7N1Q	freddie crougar once impersonated Chuck Norris and that is the reason why we have nightmares
1EMyWBjMTjqX5VgfHeXW5Q	March 10, 2010. Today is Chuck Norris's 70th birthday. As he blew out the candles on his birthday cake, coincidently there were 70 forest fires in California and surrounding states.
Ihkv2SpVQrqnUfdB4nd3mQ	Fred Long won the Oscar for Best Costume Design for Invasion USA, for providing Chuck Norris with tight jeans.
vMDiPOYOTUWAw-k9Ivivcg	Chuck Norris can drown a fish
xf6dAvE-R4WCaRRq7uM7nw	Chuck Norris cum is bottled and sold as a strong alcoholic beverage in Greece. The greeks call this drink "ouzo".
S2pVSXr0SW2Ekf9pRb7UYg	dont sneak up on Chuck Norris while takin a piss
uRKNLmzyRwKiU_2fvCwTTw	Chuck Norris went cliff diving off the coast of Sumatra in 2004. The rest is history.
IJlozaueTR657XvbJV9iJg	'Cthulhu' is simply Chuck Norris misspelled.
hIANnQacS5e3b9eXa6at8w	Chuck Norris eats out only at buffet's. this is because no one serves Chuck Norris and lives.
CsLHsMZkT_CbTaGp6OAHEg	Chuck Norris once went to Sea World, and wrestled an orca to death.
u__pik2PTMSvZAbevKkzOQ	A duck once ruffled it's feathers, stuck it's head under a wing, preened it's tailfeathers then said, "My instincts tell me it's time to fly south for winter". Chuck Norris once ruffled his hair, licked his armpit, stuck his head between his legs, sniffed his crotch then said, "My end stinks too but it didn't say anything about winter travel".
VvGL-lRHSsOL-jj9IEDWRA	Chuck norris doesn't beat people up he looks at them they get scared and fight their self to the death
db3FuSrpTVeX3pE8Tt1pxg	College went to Chuck Norris.
K3p8D8FhR-ydvWUq4Dx0dA	Chuck Norris is on a first name basis with noone
U-Yob9bAT6ivwFcOLlPoVg	After Chuck Norris takes a dump, he sprays his bathroom with a can of Glade Floral Spray. That helps and makes it only smell like a hippopotamus took a shit in a flower garden.
Akf_rgyCS5GfN1_wfjfLcw	Chuck Norris didn't actually invent time travel. His future self taught him how.
s4yF81kaTgy-T1JSFvSVBA	Chuck Norris is the only man ever to beat a brick wall in a game of tennis.
aB-qSzlOQ62_NWQZGRdAnw	When Chuck Norris was first born he heard his dad tell his mom "it's a boy, let's name him Gaylord". Chuck instantly slapped his dad in the back of the head. Chucks dad then said "on second thought, let's name him Chuck".
E01D_2Y_TWmhcsxsEwGI1Q	You can lead a horse to water, but Chuck Norris can make him drink eggnog.
ZnsWtXBsR2GAWs4LLGgXLw	Chuck Norris puts the Laughter in Manslaughter.
Zdv9JkhtTJSuo1zex9k22A	Chuck Norris doesn't have an age - he has a half-life.
wNBgEXGyRyK36-6cVrBE4A	Chuck Norris can squeeze stones out of blood.
8xjP-eb-TtG_i5xTb6r5Zw	In science, the hydrologic cycle is simply the process of Chuck Norris watering the garden to keep his feeding supply fresh.
-Du82AQAQPqzh9G6KmXhrw	Chuck Norris doesn't clip his fingernails. He rips them with his bare hands and regrows new ones immediately.
DFH18ou2RJuxK-QNGV9FhQ	Chuck Norris once wanted a kitty cat....so he went to the zoo and purchased a tiger - he named his tiger Dick Cheney because it was such a big pussy.
4ZjCBxjrQfWjJgbwW7a55g	The original Linux kernel was written in Persian by Chuck Norris. Linus Torvalds ported it to C.
i6hnatlnsxwgzj_ruqkubg	A man once claimed Chuck Norris kicked his ass twice, but it was promptly dismissed as false - no one could survive it the first time.
F6CxYDlJRv-iy83fa3wKUQ	Chuck Norris is the only computer system that beats a Mac or a PC. Too bad all it does is round house kicks the user.
1aeHgpdzRm6IBE_7IC24-Q	Chuck Norris sleeps with a night light. Not because Chuck Norris is afraid of the dark, but the dark is afraid of Chuck Norris.
dshd1cFnRPa_UMrEoj7-vw	Aliens do exist, they are just waiting for Chuck Norris to die before they invade
ak7chtuzqy2u7tzc6z1b3q	It's widely believed that Jesus was Chuck Norris' stunt double for crucifixion due to the fact that it is impossible for nails to pierce Chuck Norris' skin.
eCVbb8QsT7SjTldIKeBqIw	The rule about never looking directly at the sun applies to looking into Chuck Norris' eyes as well.
saRcVemARkKXENIqnsRmlg	Chuck Norris can disembowel a sandstorm with a roundhouse kick.
rJNAtvjFRPCPfNzIyiBSMQ	You become aware that Chuck Norris has just roundhouse kicked you in the face when you reach over your shoulder to rub something off your back and find out it's the floor.
kzrRV5btRP-f7eDLnOYXWw	Chuck Norris does not forget his friends and loved ones birthdays. He decides when their birthdays are.
67z9gJqdRl21a5fxRrpudw	Chaoticians are going to rename the so-called 'butterfly effect' as the 'Norris effect'- whenever Chuck Norris goes bezerk and destroys a city, another city on the other side of the world blows up also.
H3dOPTjuS1y3v5Bf1-XQvQ	Homeless people give money to Chuck Norris.  The last time Chuck Norris went surfing off the coast of Florida he bit a shark.  Chuck Norris doesn't have a problem with alcohol, alcohol has a problem with Chuck Norris.  Jimmy Hoffa was last seen talking to Chuck Norris.  Fish don't come out of the water because that's where Chuck Norris is.  Chuck Norris was in Nagasaki and Hiroshima at the end of World War Two, there were no atom bombs.  Christopher Columbus discovered America....because Chuck Norris told him to.
9EG72QOmTBWi1Bbu5Ic4wA	Chuck Norris' toilet is actually Henry VIII's throne with a shotgun hole in the seat.
SOVkbc3DRxOgPtRGNdwP4w	Chuck Norris, Arnold Swarzenegger and Sylvester Stallone were going to swim across the Atlantic. Arnold swam a mile, then gave up. Stallone swam two miles, then gave up. Chuck swam day and night for weeks. When he was a hundred yards away from the coast of Europe he said; "I'm bored" and turned around and swam back home.
5zrFJKg6RqyyU1jsqIL8Tg	There is a Chuck Norris fact number zero, but those who read it will get blind because that was Chuck Norrir's first fact, created from Chuck Norris's Round House Kicks.
olUlnw3gT2yKK6iela_jyw	Did you know?  Rick Ross' "You are the Boss " hit was produced by Chuck Norris.
ehkte1k5qtutxao9e15ulw	Chuck Norris has never won an Academy Award for acting... because he's not acting.
uZrrFbJOR72saF5PHisIOw	Chuck Norris dosn't wear bullet proof vest, bullet proof vest wear Chuck Norris vest.
QQ_TcjrCTl2tZHULz1JuPw	Chuck Norris can tear INXS apart.
zYJIs-c-TQ6nu069WSbA3Q	Chuck Norris' beard can speak most east Asian languages and several regional dialects, through surprisingly with a recognizably Irish accent to the native ear.
43_6j_gATCCnhk40A0EXfg	Immortality is Chuck Norris' middle name.
PY5Jw46oTDaulushaJgOoA	Chucky has a Chuck Norris doll
OWBACGXbTguTB73iN_fyqw	The reason why TV shows get interrupted with emergency broadcasts is because Chuck Norris is interrupting the show.
-LDYwzUDSBy77wbgLLLu-g	Chuck Norris can break every bone in your body with poetry
3KSg1quiQsaiJ4UhDVBP_Q	Chuck Norris can roundhouse kick your face with his pinky finger.
_eQ0TztlQW-_wPuahY6XNw	The last ice age came to an end when Chuck Norris destroyed the east pole and the west pole, thus creating the equator.
bqr2pWsHQoCyRgR3pVj1Ig	Actresses such as Jennifer Love Hewitt, Eva Longoria and Jessica Alba have never gone nude on film.  They would go nude if they worked with Chuck Norris.
KjLEDWdaSxq6A8TwPYriDA	The only thing Chuck Norris never had was his virginity.
qWaLbn79RaKSITJjpfb54g	The truth can't handle Chuck Norris.
QXlPVoc6R1CCpLuBxxkP6A	The real reason dinosaurs are extenct is because Chuck Norris went back in time.
-zns30D6Qkal_SIHTY62LA	"Everybody Hates Chris" was originally called  "Chuck Norris hates Chris"
ZIzg80jvSHiZ73JZOWeUSQ	Chuck Norris can sleep standing up...while laying down......awake.
dJQ2OqkBQPqfksj9maoxYQ	Chuck Norris can beat Arnie in an Arnold Schwarzenegger Impersonation contest.
LTxD-XJKTReaikwbPhy3sA	Chuck Norris is in the killing business and to quote Chuck Norris "Business Is Good.
Ky2m6klgS0WcWt1cWo6M2A	Chuck Norris was banned from competing in the National Karate Championship. Everyone he competed with the year before ended up in the Special Olympics.
7FZ4UvPRSAS7sOvz5ppsJQ	Chuck Norris can kill a Shaolin Grandmaster with an Icecream.
J33A4hToTWKBdZG7DZjGhQ	at Chuck Norris's wedding the best man was the country of united states
f6hAisDcTZy-79nF39Gzug	Fact: The closest a fist has ever come to Chuck Norris' face is when he eats. In fact, there's a Hollywood legend that when Chuck Norris eats a hot dog, they have to slow the film down just so you can see it.
d6oStsjEQnSpL5wFaX9Z-Q	Unlike a Timex, Chuck Norris' opponents take a licking and they don't keep on ticking.
IETiLZlMRKSxwpG5JhlvWQ	Chuck Norris told Oprah to 'get off the goddamn TV'. They will show old Walker: Texas Ranger reruns in her place.
w5XkSbCTS0CW7IQyJFaayg	Every morning, Chuck Norris wakes up, gets out of bed, yawns, and scratches his balls with an electric egg beater.
4SCmrcaoRX2zUCI96IJA2g	No woman can say no to Chuck Norris, because the only person who can deny Chuck Norris is Chuck Norris.
doXzmxfDSxOsBApfCgK37w	Chuck Norris was deep in the Amazon Jungle when 3 head hunters came sneaking up behind him. When they realized it was Chuck Norris, all 3 threw down their spears and ran screaming into the jungle.
Mb2J4UD-RDGYCHiny9-neg	Someone once asked Chuck Norris if he had the time...and Chuck said "yes, and it's mine to keep"
ckbl3fKNQBmflOaPq_TZNA	If you see Chuck Norris kick someone out of a window, you just know he's gonna land on a conveniently-placed spike.
3qtF1J1ETUegEEDjLlS4tw	Chuck Norris once spent the night at his grandmother's house and for a goodnight kiss, he slipped her the tounge.
fxOPcF-XQL2qHOJR3sSmIQ	Chuck Norris starts his day with 6 live chickens two cows, three pigs and a boiling hot cup of pure fury
PiLFBNxDRTGI_TgUjH7WOA	Chuck Norris is so important he speaks in italics.
eb4COkzuRF-fGQnnJqTFNg	yo momma so ugly, Chuck Norris had to roundhouse kick her.the image of yo momma still haunts Chuck Norris to this day.
srM6QgrVQ_Ke0h_pkG6NHw	You can feel the wind off Chuck Norris' roundhouse just watching Walker, Texas Ranger.
YmfmSZwMTLeUHq6Y1xHydQ	Chuck Norris can timetravel by riding on a donkey. Infact that's how donkeys were introduced to the human civilization in 7000 B.C.
lTphelwsSeWalyBXK-uh7w	Chuck Norris plays darts using sharpend babys
zvyNOzo6S6uIOFXBh48aNw	You will never see a Sasquatch because they're not about to risk running into Chuck Norris.
6RVhYgq2Rk2guwI8Sj_CNA	After Chuck Norris has administered his epic sex upon you, he don't sleep. He instead stands butt-naked at the window holding a shotgun over his shoulder the whole night while your remains cool.
y9GDV6FkToi2R7qFjEWbbA	as a kid Chuck Norris beat the hell out of 1 of the beatles. next time dont piss him off.
SNslIGycTsSlhc1ule6ErA	Chuck Norris was originally cast for the starring role in Jaws, but the shark backed out of the project.
CqigJXtyQOSZR0U1IG0w-g	In carpentry there's a saying: "Measure twice, cut once." Chuck Norris has a similar saying: "Fuck measurements, let's rock."
FmxhG082RMiAmXGd1iCHNg	Chuck Norris only shoots his enemies if he wants to give them a chance
EFBAluZrQyicgQtAaDa7jQ	There are 5 rules that can be applied to almost every Chuck Norris movie. Rule 1: Chuck Norris never reloads Rule 2: Chuck Norris always hits first  Rule 3: You can't run or hide from Chuck Norris Rule 4: Everything he touches becomes a weapon Rule 5: Chuck Norris never misses his targets
HNm4KvN8TL-8-JPQInrb6A	The seven wonders of the world refers to Chuck Norris four limbs, his beard, his sharp intellect and his mighty erection.
FZwHelvfSg6nCQJbRqafjQ	A signed picture of Chuck Norris' last colonoscopy now fetches over twenty thousand US dollars on Ebay.
vK5gw8GVQAuHSiyPyri23g	Chuck Norris is so strong, he can roundhouse a bubbled paladin and blow his computer up.
Uhg-lkq5SOiFVr0-AMIIJQ	You can do what you want in international waters... that's why Chuck Norris filled his Jacuzzi with international water
Ro0QoXv7QDaTXindqFxaxA	This just in: Chuck Norris returns home from a 1 day long vacation in Abbottabad, Pakistan.
Q-jJIiMTTny2-pyZXlOpFg	Chuck Norris is Tyler Durden's alternate persona
_xWtnFSXSL2z0xYV4jaeig	Chuck Norris owns the Rights to eating ninjas for breakfast. That's why there is no Ninja Turtle cereal.
VHxDXPKJQWe66-fZt5eY6w	Chuck Norris' derringer can fire a 30 round clip of 12 ga rifled slugs.
i5Oha7lSSBmiFXx7sbcjKw	Chuck Norris has the world's most famous taint.
9UdP_M18Qu642X2H7ZGq1g	When Chuck Norris was born, the nurses has to shave his chest, legs, armpits, genitalia, beard, fist & toe knuckle hair just to temporarily make him look like a normal baby for his mother.
VdiFTNO6QPqCKbmCOY5qyA	George Foreman has a Chuck Norris grill.
ELj7h8JYRxqX5_HgArxq1A	Chuck Norris can beat you at a staring contest with his eyes closed
gnh21fOSTCuMd7011x9maQ	Alls well that ends well. But if your life ends with a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick, all is not well.
BjsR4RmfQFitUA2bb22QkQ	When Chuck Norris became a Texas Ranger, the state was able to save millions by laying off the rest of their police force.
8w-9kDrGS3KPCEAKpw5gKA	Jesus can walk on water Chuck Norris can swim through land
-IQjKYKkQCmBi7pfN42q1g	Chuck Norris invented the chambers Grip
KtGXt-PRQxKA6AcJyEvBeg	The world used to be round o that when people go to the bottom of the Earth they fall off but then Chuck Norris stepped on a globe and its all flat and so it the world THANK YOU,CHUCK!
ngdNXCM7SSG1E3wGJt970Q	For Thanksgiving, Chuck Norris roasts his turkey by opening up a small portal to hell.
3WPtXegnSseGH8AHKtzzoA	Chuck Norris invented the female orgasm.
vqWjojgzS5ynuzi8F4U4dw	For the next debate, Chuck Norris has volunteered to stuff all of the remaining GOP Presidential candidates into the tiny cicrus clown car they use for their arrival to the debate venue.
cvwhdzuoryulqbyermgdxw	Chuck Norris types with one finger. He points it at the keyboard and the keyboard does the rest.
dWBI13UeSVu-fPZJFKcS8w	jonson theeee weeeed is not as good as Chuck Norris. chuck has a massive penis
sC09X1xQQymE4SciIjyV0g	No, meteor didn't kill the dinosaurs, it was Chuck Norris. Why? Chuck Norris doesn't like dinosaurs.
jzF5aPgSTSulGB0wpFyEpw	Chuck Norris's blood smells like cologne.
ehcf0DqrT7yDIK0rRkjN1Q	When people don't know what to do, they ask; "What would Jesus do?" When 'HE WHO IS HOLIEST' doesn't know what to do, he ponders, "What would Chuck Norris do?"
l6ucAqqTTZi64kdUcGrdDw	Chuck Norris' beard survives by absorbing other beards.
RX3oS-gFS4-FkZpZQMsp6g	Blackouts are caused by Chuck Norris charging his iPhone.
rqcvwdgqq6amwony3nngba	In the Words of Julius Caesar, "Veni, Vidi, Vici, Chuck Norris". Translation: I came, I saw, and I was roundhouse-kicked inthe face by Chuck Norris.
wqw0wSquQPqPwRuKQiAPbA	Chuck Norris told the united states that russia was goin to nuc them during the cold war
ml1gVicKR-qANY7wjbVZ3g	When Chuck Norris was born his Dr did the customary slap on the ass. Chuck didnt appreciate this so he punched the Dr in the balls.
npKkMPjdTN2Z6cHJ9XashA	Popeye needs spinach to kick ass.  Chuck Norris needs no such assistance.
IbVCdtMYQJafqPEN03txFw	There is no theory of evolution. Just a list of creatures Chuck Norris has allowed to live.
mUI23FHMQkCyo3fPYICieA	Chuck Norris has decided the value of Pi shall be 1, henceforth.
-Rf-xEIhT_2B26Fy214jqg	Chuck Norris invented Thomas Edison
eC95mzOiQr2rRirtUPGZhg	If you ever dream of kicking Chuck Norris' ass, you will wake up to see him standing over you.
ZxB0ywzCSwmPSuTBRxucBA	Chuck Norris shotgunned a baker and a candlestick maker's heads off into a bathtub.
_zX0X0-eTDK5BiCIYvqi9w	Like a good neighbor, Chuck Norris is there to roundhouse kick you in the face.
GYzDc-S-T5KvUbXV5vx4ew	Chuck Norris uses boxing gloves instead of condoms.
HxZCuBMSRNSjvpcTcjLeww	Chuck Norris has wings - on his balls ... of steel.
ZxRSFBR_STiXV4ZGSMhBSA	Chuck Norris can bring a bike to a monster truck show
ZBTqHgYkQIGrU8fxSBEYfw	Chuck Norris melted Mt Kilauea with a 6 pack of ice cold beer.
7nxDHA8eTIqj0tQPu-1m3A	Chuck Norris wants to be remembered as a humantarian...we best do what he wants.
gui_6PH7SsqN8F3ZHeOc6w	Chuck Norris doesn't teabag people, he potato sacks them.
_qxT_fk-TqK7PAEOg1KitQ	Chuck Norris died ten years ago; however, death doesn't have the guts to tell him.
1tyjMolxSzGpcyHrjwbsuw	Chuck Norris' birthday is on the 29th of Febuary...every year!
U42BlItTRSiD6EPoTlIBXA	Chuck Norris isn't a cannibal, because he is actually a superior species. So next time he devours a family member, don't be upset, just remember this is just the beautiful cycle of nature.
hgBrITAKRpCyQvEGhJ8FOA	I'm making a game called Ultra Smash Flash. Chuck Norris will be playable.  And Kirby can use his roundhouse kick.  Also, the Chaos Emeralds will be transformational items. When Chuck Norris gets 7, his power is STILL less than 1% of his real life counterpart.  Makes sense, right?  Quality, NOT quantity? NOPE. Quality AND quantity! Let's do this!
jS5bczydRwe6TeYxYDw84A	heres a list of things Chuck Norris cant do :
mFYJgwKQQ_KFYZQr6eJTmg	Chuck Norris has fucked pretty much EVERY single one of the major A-list Hollywood actresses multiple times. The paparrazzi and mainstream media, however, refuse to make this fact public.
C_zj9ZU4SKyA4p8fnHk87A	If you write down Chuck Norris's name in the Deathnote, the God of Death would simply assume you wish to commit suicide.
6y4Xf5zzR52FMX-eIQDqsQ	The leading causes of death in the United States are: 1. Heart Disease 2. Chuck Norris 3. Cancer.
zBR-zfk2RhaWKHNhGm_9-Q	Some people die even though they don't deserve to. None of them are killed by Chuck Norris. He kills those who damn well fucking deserve it.
ps5pJ3wrReOrLhPdmTYTxQ	Chuck Norris can surf the net on his abacus
6EipF473SPm_k6ppkD6_hw	Chuck Norris can open locked doors. Without a key.
q3JzO8YrQ8yRFbGaDYTY_w	Chuck Norris doesn't get constipated, he holds his shit for ransom
XFUGyEmwQaK2ASAfnvEYEQ	Chuck Norris can kick a fart back into an ass.
rk0f5l6ft2khdub0kwdrkq	It takes 14 puppeteers to make Chuck Norris smile, but only 2 to make him destroy an orphanage.
FdQzyq-rTq2Sw0ufTyhzrA	Once Chuck Norris stared down a skittle and it was so scared it pooped its pants and became an M&M. Now al they do is place a picture of Chuck Norris at the end of the Machine line and vualaa.. M&M's pattented formula.
m0crgm8LR8WIAdeXslUABw	When playing Minecraft, make a new world with the name and seed both being "Chuck Norris". Even on peaceful, you will be surrounded by 1,000,000 endermen when at the spawn.
FYeiFhE5QmOjn1kyjObH4A	Chuck Norris can season his steaks with pepperspray
0kOhfr5TRPm_UwDy6YpSwg	Chuck Norris is widely considered an extreme sport.
Yke6bi5xSdWvSq_dkCCGkA	Chuck Norris can roundhouse-kick you in the face so hard, archaeologists from thousands of years from now will find your skull fragments in the next continent encrusted with diamonds.
Z_9zGThoRuCxkU08yvHBxQ	Arnold Schwarzenegger would never ask Chuck Norris to "DO IT NOW" because he knows Chuck will
fJOjv6mUTHWjU3OQm4VLbg	After drinking a case of Corona beer, Chuck Norris' urine smells like a steaming platter of chicken fajitas.
s-bevl9gSO6VGSR1pOCUkg	Jessie wants to be Chuck Norris' girl.
SEH0BSGpTyeq7Fmgo1lv7Q	Chuck Norris goes to the Dentist to get a tooth extracted. The Dentist ask do you want gas or a shot ? Chuck Norris answers your gonna need both. Moments after the procedure the Dentist(with blured vision and sore rectum)observes Chuck Norris slowly getting dressed.
3aSlE4GSRkuHQD_1GyoDoA	Chuck Norris won the NBA Slam Dunk competition by just holding the ball.
czip-do5sbcehb7meep_hq	Chuck Norris's version of a "chocolate milkshake" is a raw porterhouse wrapped around ten Hershey bars, and doused in diesel fuel.
8OeV3wkdSfyU7TBCNtu0aw	Chuck Norris clears his nose with an Uzi.
wS4PbWThQOmWWmUgX7gtiA	Spontaneous combustion is just one of the highly contagious diseases Chuck Norris transmits daily.
BYFfJUaMShqPyWpFLph8AQ	The reason Chuck Norris's shoes are brown is because the shit from peoples ass is caked onto his shoes from kicking their ass that hard.
05CCfZS9Suq-RmOClQ8rJA	Chuck Norris keeps a shotgun in his wallet.
PKKRJyUBSKav5hVkC88aWw	The bars never go down on Chuck Norris's at&t phone unless those bars want to live.
t_4Vw_m7SQKzeh0gNehV3A	Chuck Norris can open an umbrella up your ass.
SWHb-sy6RBGwtT6xl8BaIQ	Chuck Norris pops his own pimples with a gun
SCvYTcIGQrSA8CGS3BVqgg	If Chuck Norris is on your side, then Nationwide becomes irrelevant.
IvL2sLJBSfaKrqx9X4Ds4g	In the DC comics, the only known thing to break a panel's lines is the beard of Chuck Norris.
e_MPx_R5QR28JRnbhdk94g	Remember Child's Play? The doll now hangs from Chuck Norris' rearview mirror.
ZpU0gUipSzSid0bLIv6Jqw	One time, Chuck Norris and Mr. T walked into a bar. The building instantly exploded, for no building can contain such levels of awesomeness.
yz1EKl4QQ9mh7nF6cy3GkA	An apple a day does NOT keep Chuck Norris away
ka3Lr2c9Rs23hxhrnymSSg	Each Thanksgiving, millions of people give thanks that Chuck Norris has let them live to see another Thanksgiving.
4FS8uCKpRqaga4dl_P7EJw	the ONLY time when Chuck Norris cried was when  Bruce Lee passed away
8-Ks2AyoQjOsg7Zcpu_iAg	Chuck Norris wins Miss Universe with an Gorilla disguise
PMEaoyYJTSKHMfETm3aW0Q	don't send Chuck Norris e-mail. if it annoys him he can round house kick you thru Cyber Space!
aivw7n_xs8kp21o9wvvbzw	To be or not to be? That is the question. The answer? Chuck Norris.
ipVakrUwRnqQA2aM9Iw0Tg	Chuck Norris ALWAYS has a gun in his pocket. He is never happy to see you.
NduAX08WQ06v0gBxE9t0Zg	Cars were invented to have a faster way of fleeing from Chuck Norris. Not to be outdone, Chuck Norris invented the car accident.
H5F55gbIT-yyfgwgmwRn5w	I WANT TO CHOP CHUCK NORRIS IN HALF I WANNA KILL HIM
ywkB9Y9CSsGHcNx-Pft5yA	Chuck Norris can watch a rick roll without being&#65279; rickrolled
IAeXzsBxT1GGtV55GtBWwQ	E equals M C squared. Chuck Norris equals death, period.
j-oQahQOQautZ-WXgnwhpw	Chuck Norris has already been to Mars; that's why there are no signs of life there.
ZUG6jzc8TfS434J_vUpEDg	Ice has Chuck Norris running through its veins
uHZnp0SeT-ac_jblfWXhkg	If a clone was made from Chuck Norris and that clone was one-fourth the size of Chuck Norris, the clone's manhood would be 9 inches long.
mfl2aRpyS2ueDANo-giuFg	When the master chief was punching grunts (from halo) chuck Norris was destroying covenant carriers
uIj7sBYJRxOrv6eZ9rHayw	I Chuck Norris, you Chuck Norris, he she me Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris, Chuck Norrising. Chuckology the study of Chuck Norris, it's first grade Spongebob
DMKDZXVOQaWu9JQ5p8azJQ	Bruises are caused by Chuck Norris tapping you with his finger.
oyjJ1maFSrW-bbwCBeYDsA	Chuck Norris' last kid was born 10 months after his 23rd vasectomy.
F79Tu2iKTPe1mZ_duLSb2g	southpark is Chuck Norris heavens
Ku-8EzljT0e_xfMQCKLcPA	Old Mother Hubbard Went to the cupboard, To get her poor doggy a bone. But when she bent over, Chuck Norris took over, 'cause Chuck had a bone of his own.
EBWEZx7iQAaVi_ydISbT9w	Chuck Norris can speak Chinese in German in French in Hindu in English in Algebra in blue in cup with a hint of Russian in Scottish in Canadian
iDLs0UZCQMu940A2vXIZ0Q	Weed should be legal cause i smoke it and so does Chuck Norris
WPUuVmPjQ-GesRaYVvZuIQ	Chuck Norris' grandfather presented him with an alarm clock on his 7th birthday. Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked and broke the clock into a million pieces. Nothing alarms Chuck Norris.  Btw Chuck Norris' grandfather is also Chuck Norris.
RW6KnoVlQzOUDPIBmiMjIg	There is a new Chuck Norris Visa Credit Card available. If you accrue enough Chuck Norris award points, he will personally punch the person of your choice in the face.
BwMe9Bd1QUuyD-2X2GmVsg	Chuck Norris invented stuffed turkey, cranberries and sweet potatoes. He also invented 'the wheel'. In America we celebrate Thanksgiving because Chuck Norris doesn't make us eat wheels too.
NUPvDflQQJq4soUc5YwSZg	In the semen that made it to Chuck Norris' mom's womb, Chuck Norris was the only sperm. He'd long then round-house killed all the other sperms while still in his Dad's epididymis/balls.
d2FPg6TdSsKVN6OmnulgpA	Chuck Norris once won American idle by riding a unicycle
ru-xTKzTRY2khpCxFi5kPQ	Chuck Norris fucked me one day and it sucked Brad fucked me and is was AMAZING
PmVQUERbTeqYcGSDP6J-Jw	Chuck Norris can pull your entire skeletal system through any orifice on your body.
aD2ozH7uRzO0XmzY_6aAYg	Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked a man in a wheelchair in the ground people dug that fossil up it is now a handicap parking sign but really it is a warning that Chuck is coming
eY_eaRiRS_OSraKDE168fg	Chuck Norris doesn't have a seat in Parliament......he has a couch.
7jwk7xbwrp-h-nw233wqmq	Chuck Norris used to play baseball. When Babe Ruth was hailed as the better player, Chuck Norris killed him with a baseball bat to the throat. Lou Gehrig got off easy.
ZX1QPA_5Tz6I68-RgRypEQ	Eskimos club baby seals to death for their fur. Chuck Norris clubs Eskimos for their teeth. That's why you never see an Eskimo with teeth grinning.
xUBY5qILRjCzKjcF0354uw	Chuck Norris called himself Walker because he doesn't need to run.
j9WSeC6RRg6fFqTzB3K83Q	Chuck Norris is the only grown man alive that can wear Superhero Jammie's and no one will give him crap about it.
nQ-onH0pQ8G7DE1qb0mMsQ	Chuck Norris has a gun rack above his toilet.
Wcn_mFB2S3i_425hobks0w	Chuck Norris can make sea creatures drown.
rtUD9MnSSB2FBu0SWCwWkw	Whenever Chuck Norris sees a Best Buy, he burns it to the ground, because he firmly believes that a total gym for three payments of 19.99 is the best buy you'll ever find.
JcUi1D65QVejYEw960bP1g	A chastity belt has never stopped Chuck Norris.
lgJ3wBRKTPGHOkv26QZDCQ	Chuck Norris can smother a whale with a cue tip.
_QJUrE_VSoGckLyZkFwtBw	How did Santa's reindeer learn how to fly? Chuck Norris ordered them to damn well better learn how.
WgwSk4pCRGux58ACVq0odQ	Chuck Norris once found a nine-leaf clover. He ate it.
rF_49D9YRimrA-U4u0Wy9A	You can rearrange the letters to the word, "Omnipotent" to spell Chuck Norris.
AfxyHfx1SJWYS2qtPZW0hg	Chuck Norris has only vomited once. It was a giant ball of 100% pussy hair.
Lur8bwjKRBCN_ToUvudb2w	Chuck Norris can turn "Crazy Eights" into a full-contact event.
Iv3sImoPRr-wDIVF-iHHYA	Chuck Norris can read with his eyes closed and sleep with his eyes open just incase
Celp6_O0QUmqcFqvboSfBg	While catfishing, Chuck Norris uses his own toe jam for stink bait.
Ia6cpvjQQkW8HYf0QAgIPg	Chuck Norris can do a round house kick on his knees.
RIZzu8oNT1yAT-JwEe7kDg	Chuck Norris hungers only for vengeance.
pTEeaKH6QL6avAbgalLrug	Chuck Norris chews C-4.
XOyv4_6BQ1azJmlqLqBq7Q	In a single day in 1967, Chuck Norris shot down 22 enemy aircraft over Vietnam. He was stationed in Greenland at the time.
dS9lCSiNSEOeFzBP5JBASg	Chuck Norris is the alpha and the omega. And all those other fruity letters.
aEiiYan7Tm6D-qMzhMyN9g	Chuck Norris can hit you so hard that he can actually alter your DNA. Decades from now your descendants will occasionally clutch their heads and yell, "What the hell was that?"
64i3rtwgTr2qp7WnHtYWSg	Chuck Norris is the reason pugs have flat faces.
L-iXG44wRXijLVTZhlPZ9A	Chuck Norris bought a van once with a bed in the back when a smart arse shows up and says i can't believe you did not buy a Mercedes Benz. chuck Norris trying to stay calm says they don't make a Van the smart arse reply's i don't think you get it Mercedes Benz come with 3 inch windscreen wipers on on your headlines so you can always see where your going. Chuck Norris reply's with a smile I got a place to have sex with your daughter then round house kicked the guy
24v13bMAQ7-eEs-1TMw9Aw	Chuck Norris once milked a honey badger.
Dd_5DpUFQFCh7q8bTyYdLw	Chuck Norris doesn't get wet, Water gets Chuck Norrised
baC9IW6URgO68t8V-aXa3A	Chuck Norris injects hot coffee directly into his eyeballs.
MYz0M_nnSeCOB8g6YpiQew	Chuck norris can recline and swivel on a bar stool.
O5w55nXiQSihqC6LxMd5Ig	Chuck Norris doesnt use bullets for ammo, he uses pills for ammo
WHXgQ1y4TD2HzspJYUKpIA	While playing Rock Band, Chuck Norris can play air drums and still hit the notes. Going into overdrive without telling him, he instantly gives you a round house kick to the face.
aBanNLDwR-SAz7iMHuCiyw	Chuck Norris has already been to mars; that why there's no signs of life
RzrIdt_vT7OcrroqYAY2OA	The ice Age was created when Chuck Norris accidentally left his freezer door open.
43-VBvguT3KAk7mmhGNGOg	Tiffany has breakfast at Chuck Norris's.
whVm1uL7QzaFRHpn8f3LAA	Only Chuck Norris can prevent forest fires, but he really likes gigantic toasted marshmallows.
QoZiiqI0SOyQr2mYNid9Mg	America is not a democracy. It is a Chucktatorship, after Chuck Norris!
Wc2mYWM_THyKYyL6tJ7Tdg	Jedis in Star Wars don't use The Force... they use CHUCK NORRIS... with Chuck's Premission.
SvIuvs7cTaCa_eDYPM2KTg	Neil Armstrong finally wore out Chuck Norris' patience.
IpZAtfH3SkGkDQX9sTLoaQ	Chuck Norris packs more nuts than Delta Airlines.
niggAcouTRigHgOi_gBX8g	Chuck Norris is in everyone of the devil's nightmares
-yGaqj0DTCGpzgxZKJD0dg	The snooze button on Chuck Norris' alarm sets back time two hours
IEpE3AGARMy2B3WTWLJSww	Chuck Norris wishes that he could understand this 'fear' shit.
jwLo4uDlRLG_Y_w_Ljc2_A	If you hate software in school, you should try Chuck Norris' software.
6kCPu6RDS0mLYSA7OIeEDw	Chuck Norris owns and operates a family restaurant in Waco, TX. The only item on the menu is a knuckle sandwich.
9TS9LzacQnm5yIkaemE3BQ	Chuck Norris swallows sword-swallowers.
nZQEA_WVTA2r_fpib5LOMA	Chuck Norris had sex with the earth once......the moon was born 9 months later
HNTUHUUDSMObOHUHJul5sw	For Bruce Willis' birthday, he received a DVD of Chuck Norris banging Demi Moore while repeatedly yelling 'Yippee Ki Yay, Motherfucker'. Norris then felt a rare twinge of guilt, so he then sent Willis a DVD of him pummeling Ashton Kutcher with Charlie Sheen.
16xs13bzQHu003GAODTb_Q	The welcome mat at Chuck Norris' front door cleverly conceals the alligator pit.
q3DcjM_oSPGmpcQnEu6qmQ	During the night, Chuck Norris thought he beat the shit out of Steven Seagal, Bruce Lee, The Rock and 25 Ninjas. Then he woke-up and discovered he'd had a wet dream.
D97ujbWvQ-6lWz94myeAnA	5 star New York restaurants use Chuck Norris' toe jam as both a saffron and truffle substitute.
ah7gStfKTPCseJJsJOTJYw	When Chuck Norris sees a screamer, he roundhouse kicks it so hard, that the ghost gets hit.
3V4tIEb4QL2goRmt0l8Rjw	The rock band Queen wrote the song "We will rock you" about Chuck Norris fists.
3KWXQexqQo6GbhthpXBtpw	Chuck Norris likes pie, deal with it.
qzScjayoRdSZOMhHv81aNg	Chuck Norris's pet Hamster has a ferris wheel.
t4tziShVS8O7TFL-BlmQTg	Hitler killed himself because he got a death threat from Chuck Norris
ejH-IPKoRrmXSjAEIH_JdA	Dont waste your time. Die from Chuck Norris! :D
nlDs0_hzTY6heH9Qdrf6bg	Chuck Norris traced his family genealogy back 394 billion years to the world's first single cell protozoan ameoba.
oe071v9ht0qphuzwgzxaoq	If you try to kill -9 Chuck Norris's programs, it backfires.
WMBSqFcjQny1aKW_ypKx8w	Whenever there is an earthquake, know that Chuck Norris is not very far away.... and the earth knows it
yti8bxrms2ck-9stj4ghbq	The only sure things are Death and Taxes?and when Chuck Norris goes to work for the IRS, they'll be the same thing.
ZsLGEu_URKadxOJ1eFS7fg	I dont care how you, anyone you know, or anyone in general, Chuck Norris is the reason.
Md7Nw5rtQaC7hw2RhPF_xQ	Chuck Norris can remove graffiti from the side of a building through micturition.
pxdZMHrhQiOCunfBxiLbjw	Chuck Norris is the reason why nuclear bombs were invented.
E6VmNPIWQPSx9YIpyg1JsQ	Chuck Norris wears a black belt made of nothing other than pure black holes.
7Doq1q7vRgOwC-9-dQ0ZpA	Chuck Norris gargles with thumbtacks.
TcU1DvluRmGSpLSZtEgTlg	Chuck Norris will only feed his pet canary, "Twinkles" strictly a diet of live peregrine falcons.
40yXfhryTwWVGrhZBFsvBA	Chuck Norris can enrich uranium in his popcorn maker.
y-uVGUKtSLC-kqsdVIdOCA	Chuck Norris has never lost "The Game."
iYfbg3UDRlSDPBx9tuYQsg	On every continent of the world, there is a sandwich named after Chuck Norris. On the North American continent it's the Knuckle Sandwich.
78kIeiOASaW6ATBDVmQbQQ	The Chuck Norris classic 'Delta Force' is so manly, you have to eat a side of beef before they'll let you buy it.
EVL_-nC6RJiEheE8vU-qKQ	Everyone knows the answer to WWCND? (What Would Chuck Norris Do). Everyone. Including my grandfather and my 9 months old niece.
BjdKSq4URdeXPr-tNitGvw	Chuck Norris roundhoused a hole in the roof of Cowboys Stadium so that God can watch his favorite team play.
wP7Jfz4CQLWDHQgLIMftiQ	Chuck Norris once downloaded the entire Internet
_uaS810OQlKBHuQ9U1Fe5Q	Chuck Norris never begs to differ. He just makes you beg for your life.
Uz1XCu8hR-yqDsU7BF-ipA	Thank Chuck norris for having it your way at Burger king!
V9mj8uBiSyycTyIFhO4lVA	Chuck Norris made Journey stop believing.
RdPwGHbxTziSHevxkF5m5g	The Apple logo used to be a whole apple until Chuck Norris got hungry.
izjeqnjzteeqms8l8xgdhw	Chuck Norris knows the last digit of pi.
Q5ShCxneTLGd2KUC9G1Ftg	Chuck Norris hates it when his women have multiple orgasms and pass out before he's even gotten warmed up.
IC4QFIusQX-Lceluli6BtQ	Chuck Norris is the director of ZOO jurassic park
PXTAf4BmRKG5VCuh7rNHpA	Car manufacturers crash test their cars by launching them at Chuck Norris.
BNhBrcZwSkeqIEH9Q9uVOg	Love is a battlefield. Chuck Norris is Field Marshall.
bmx1qcp0r9qhjgbg62rk_q	Sticks and stones may break your bones, but a Chuck Norris glare will liquefy your kidneys.
NpsRQxZYSxydgZubjoeqIQ	Chuck Norris' pet hamster can kick a pit bulls ass.
w0q6wpupTaiJ9LdgKrFgxg	Osama bin Laden actually shot HIMSELF in the head. The first SEAL in said "hit the floor!". bin Laden thought he said "hi, I'm Chuck Norris!".
pWZ6iAwATVW_Liu_-RN9-w	Once Chuck Norris peed against a fence. A police officer saw him and said - That's against the law! - No, said Chuck. It is against the fence!
kAECyZA-QDC5aZ6P34P35g	At one time in Gotham, the dynamic dual were known as Chuck Norris and Batman. Later, Chuck Norris got bored and quit at which time Batman got promoted.
0HFIQAa3TiC_1e-wjhIs4g	The lesser-known (but official) name for Jupiter's Great Red Spot is Hurricane Chuck Norris.
vfrCm_XOSeG-2UKH89x4lQ	The Tomahawk Cruise Missile is Chuck Norris Bottle Rocket
txypv4AHRxavY0rku-fouw	Chuck Norris does sleep. He sleeps with his eyes wide open and a very big grin.
H0aEFmTdTbabfrelTD_Cnw	There is no spoon because Chuck Norris took it.
Iq19WXbkQ1GCcte6c2siNA	Chuck Norris is violent, even his farts make a p-ting! noise.
7p-EiTpGRKWbXPxDLC7RHg	Chuck Norris was featured on wheel of fortune all people did for the past 30 minutes was stare at a wheel not stopping
chX1vXwJR6SyMYzINDk4wQ	Contrary to popular belief, America is not a democracy, it is a Chucktatorship.
GOb2jHUFSo6-eIahUmstHA	Bill Gates hasn't wrote a check Chuck Norris couldn't cash.
iZqkENcRSvOlXv_Ww-YDuA	Sharks have a week dedicated to Chuck Norris
o6uDdU9fTBy2wIO1srAb4g	Chuck Norris can wash a donut.
-CR6OCJtQ1K44i-xKKQSXA	If you have read Harry Potter, you know about the unbeatable Elder Wand. It is actually Chuck Norris' used tooth stick.
oTI7PfHAR3ybSH-J7OiTWw	Chuck Norris rocks a sweet beard of power.
7ETEMWpkSharKvPFr-tvKQ	If you stab Chuck Norris with a knife, the knife bleeds..
djqD5mUgQ3iVLGBS3Sr7TQ	The Necronomicon is dedicated to Chuck Norris.
BLzsX8RrS-iVGuJCXgNHtQ	Chuck Norris thinks outside the box,then roundhouse kicks the box into oblivion.
zDUih4UaS82sDRjSX0hlLQ	Chuck Norris always wanted to surf but couldn't. Everytime his board touches the water, the sea parts.
YPDyvcqZSRa3jxkN3aTAKg	Don Rickles pokes fun at lots of people, but he knows better than to say a word when it comes to Chuck Norris.
oKBLHMlQSSqAwM16s6se8g	Chuck Norris can change a Diesel engine's spark plugs.
tz8YDBh5RpeALLexNn_oaA	There is no such thing as tornados. Chuck Norris just hates trailer parks.
LyunmBJUQjiw7R49dY69ew	Chuck Norris spelled backward is still Chuck Norris
diAzoZk2QZSFxd6bHks2IQ	Chuck Norris' birth certificate is a piece of lambskin with the words 'IT HAS BEGUN' written in blood.
H6Dx8-lVQzOBr0sNCyuGbA	MMA fighters wet themselves when Chuck Norris enters the room.
sH0nsqPTSlqTOgCN2C5qMQ	CHuck Norris spilled some milk. He didn't cry over the spilt milk. The spilt milk cried and made its way back into the carton.
A7w9IAktQLSf-8vsSQS1Kw	As a child, 6 year old Chuck Norris would walk 17 miles to the zoo on misty summer mornings just to suddenly wake-up a few silverback Mountain Gorillas in order to have something to play with.
HTxN_A8gR42PcRlWZUJYSw	Everything on Chuck Norris' properties are powered by a deus ex machina
KLZevgyRT1akaJcnpCkV7g	Once, while on safari in the Belgian Congo, Chuck Norris dismounted the Water Buffalo he was riding, chased down a Rhinoceros and strangled it. He mounted it on a slate platform and put it in his living room. The rhino is still alive, but is just too afraid to move.
hPHYBkXlSduE1EFEkh3VJA	Chuck Norris once took a bath in a little spread of ocean between Bermuda, Florida, and Puerto Rico. It's been f***ed up ever since.
ctNh0xo-Tq-jtOeehyZyNw	Apparently, Chuck Norris was on vacation when Bush was elected president of the United States.
tTqmLgTJRQyUqH2RKwCUiw	If you put a thousand monkeys in a room with a thousand typewriters for a thousand years, Chuck Norris will beat the ever-loving SHIT outta you.
fpfSXuUITUWoOyV5cHBR1Q	Chuck Norris does not have a shadow. Who wants to get caught sneaking up behind Chuck Norris.
QixBgJa-S36ofpsJjFo71Q	Chuck Norris is even better than the real thing.
bzd-HkOHT9qRf4ZqJQeI0w	'Tsunami' is japanese for 'Chuck Norris san'
KOJq97q_Q2KrrGiziWuhIw	Chuck Norris once spent 3 days and 5 nights on a lavish Las Vegas vacation package.
TUBNjlHMTuOkU9_3VzGOfQ	On NCIS, when Gibbs wants your attention he gives you a head slap. When Chuck Norris wants your attention, he gives you a skull punch.
1Ggi5-uFQaKJhp760n-MgQ	When Chuck Norris air-guitars, you can actually hear the real sound of a Gibson Les Paul coming from his air guitar.
5oGN_aB6Q7etm_Gh_MxHLg	Chuck Norris can use the restroom without using the restroom.
nZyAM6h2QAC1xtZHEqpNXA	After Chuck Norris was born, he drove himself back home.
FoXKNmT5Qpes5LD_xuViaA	WHERE DID THE TERMINATEOR GO WHEN HE SAID HIS FAMOUS WORDS "I BE BACK"?  HE WENT TO FETCH CHUCK NORRIS
lOZR7Q8VTSalPV3sbcCeeQ	Chuck Norris won the 2011 Las Vegas Blackjack tournament by taking 22 hits on his last hand.
gQggabxdRtOn5EDugjSSxw	M.C. Hammer learned the hard way that Chuck Norris can touch this.
bFd1ztwKTCmO707DhYfD2A	I love Chuck Norris. He was a crazy mother&#65279; picking a fight with Oak Tree.
cQfhsuPPQ0iqTx1UMsLSmg	If you write "To Chuck Norris" on an envelope and post it, it will be delivered to THE Chuck Norris, from anywhere in the world.
LptnivN7RPGsN3b-fSbzZA	Chuck Norris dosent need a cell phone if he talks you better listen.
F1zHEM80T2erTUqtcf7q2Q	Chuck Norris can impregnate a woman with just a lustful stare.
YnvM2T_5T867_Rv5Sf4MFQ	Men are okay about their wives fantasizing about Chuck Norris during sex, because they're doing the same thing.
vtdmrqzessabin6ydicnpa	The show Survivor had the original premise of putting people on an island with Chuck Norris. There were no survivors, and nobody is brave enough to go to the island to retrieve the footage.
HpVaeXQ7QE6WeSVKmSnvJA	Chuck Norris doesn't know drama on TNT
gQe39bc-RTCYmAuEB_fqdQ	When Chuck Norris holds a staff meeting, he is the only one there
xk0PA0hMQI-QqJEsvSA1CQ	President Teddy Roosevelt once said, "Walk softly and carry a big stick." Chuck Norris once said, "Walk prickly and carry a big soft."
2mg0OM_nTrSzUXSoNPablQ	Chuck Norris cleverly makes freezer bags out of gorilla scrotums.
KGRqfrPrQLqphkvTvEm5ZQ	Chuck Norris is the Grand Master Leader of Anonymous, the Illuminati, the Freemasons, Ordo Templi Orientis, Skull and Bones and the Loyal Order of the Face Smashers.
d0uPqMF6Rq-sz_G8V62MIg	Jesus wears a WWCND bracelet !!!!!!! What Would Chuck Norris Do....
jgtda9HrR6ydJofUCuhz_g	If you ever dream of beating Chuck Norris in a thumb war, the next event in said dream will be a 6734-ton weight falling on you. This is Chuck Norris's roundhouse kick.
r2JzggcNSN6IMqXiRaGTHQ	Chuck Norris can bench press an Army tank. While sitting inside of it.
VvkoySSWRu6LLPAlj4WVdA	Chuck Norris won master chef Australia by cooking 2 minute noodles.
-_m_kKLLRD-DIBQNN4K8BQ	Chuck Norris knocked up his babysitter when he was 8. She said she thought he was older because of his beard.
OpUSVJvcRAWWej1HuZSRrw	When Chuck Norris finishes watching a useless 1 hour movie, he can get his 1 hour back.
dHmPswE-QbOw2BWMffrZ5Q	Until today, nobody knew that Chuck Norris' grandmother was the first Navy Seal.
JJKBAiz_SZWHELZA6VgskA	The DeathStar wasn't a destroying machine, it was one of Chuck Norris' balls.
IIiKwRd-QeijiuzhD1H6eg	Chuck Norris has Internet connection on his classic black Bell telephone.
OYeoGABLRsyQMHM6VP5slw	Once upon a time, Chuck Norris lives happily ever after
_Gk3kaU9Q9qno7KwCNFYTw	To err is human. To forgive is divine. To kill is Chuck Norris.
qbfnqa0pstsl00i2he3g7w	Chuck Norris once went skydiving, but promised never to do it again. One Grand Canyon is enough.
YROy757rQryiTDiCo8WGqg	Chuck Norris is the reason why bats can't see cause they took one look at him and they went blind.
t5gWSQrQT2exvxReAT3Eyw	Chuck Norris balls is where u get the term, you dont have the stones.
b33igJ7ITGK2VNJUh6JHZg	When Chuck Norris was in high school he played baseball. He did not use a bat, he just used his fist to punch the ball out of the park.
4_kRvuABR7mNQZxh-_UH1A	Chuck Norris' Ipod came with a real charger instead of just a usb cord.
C2ebQusgTnSh6dE5_9f8xw	Chuck Norris is the reasion why Justice wargrave shot himself in "then there were none"
HEp6dFQYRdWCfZqWL-3A9A	a long time ago Chuck Norris kicked the world so hard that its still spinning today.
6UFkVWRPRvO2KZv7zwgGCA	Chuck Norris once visited the Virgin Islands, now they're just called the islands.
WU3IHZbfS1KmcjxrC0ZkGw	When in Rome, Chuck Norris roundhouse-kicks you in the face wearing a toga.
sZfMcDYzQe67iJn_9xx2lA	Chuck Norris finished the ice bucket challenge by dumping the entire Antarctica continent on his head.
Vj7JscvkQbCYSzt_6l99Kw	Chuck Norris can run Windows 7 on a Commodore 64.
g2NhQzDvQ0O1r8IDifi4iw	In the year 4321 Chuck Norris gave one th of his power to an elderly man, the next day the man started World War 120ozvTNusQMe5N445kmvGUg	For every foot that comes well packed with force, fear, pain and suffering, that foot is connected to a leg and that leg, with muscles like steel, is bound forever strong to a creature known as Chuck Norris.
JcVf8hyBSE-dM0rn3pAGPA	Women cannot help themselves in terms of sexual pursuit of Chuck Norris. That's why he often needs to mind alter his pheromones to match those of a musk oxen.
sVfOLkVJRwOFkxtUGFy6Aw	The big bang did not create the universe Chuck Norris did with one roundhouse kick
9ICyFeMaQUuFgI9mtA2xYQ	Chuck Norris taught Jesus how to grow a beard.
xZNM_dRESwegXqcl8FXd9Q	Chuck Norris can touch MC Hammer
WGmGIF9CS5274OA__MF_kw	Chuck Norris gets his wisdom teeth removed every three months.
eGFx0-ixRISzwaUkWFdJRg	In thinking of famous celebrities, Chuck Norris & Dolly Parton come to mind. Now that's a couple of big ones for ya!
qUBg8Nl1SR-kOtBN0z_RFw	Police officers do not wear protective vests because of guns on the streets, but because they erroneously believe that if they pull Chuck Norris over for anything it will stop him from handing them their spleen.
ZExyn-LrRdyiFjua4Z6scA	Chuck Norris once snuck in to a free concert.
aOgLeYBmQtWxdwywAoH7ag	Adamantium isn't nearly as hard as Chuck Norris.
MH4Rz6cdSSieyRjxpZA8BA	The dinosaurs are extinct because when Chuck Norris was a growing boy, he ate them for lunch. All of them. In one sitting. Scientists have recently discovered prehistoric ash in the crater in mexico, revealing that this was not created by a meteor, but was in fact Chuck Norris's fire pit for this meal.
JGv4y9kcQLyyYMdfTj4SMQ	Chuck Norris is never 'armed to the teeth'. He is armed WITH teeth.
qm5nj118tla2ugbnwsvxsg	Wo hu cang long. The translation from Mandarin Chinese reads: "Crouching Chuck, Hidden Norris"
mhaifdq1tnk6ar0qsdytkq	The First rule of Chuck Norris is: you do not talk about Chuck Norris.
JbC02pTdSmiLbji6nFq6wA	When the Terminator goes to the cinema, he watches only Chuck Norris movies.
j5GMqhGeSoqnSTn2n9edFw	Wendy's asked where's the beef? and Chuck Norris found it, at chick-fil-a
uLrAAZKuS-aCnQIaM6LeOg	Those who fight Chuck Norris can not retreat or surrender. They're dead long before they can do either.
SSOwa0NeRsClREJAShCgdQ	Chuck Norris goes around to R. Kelly's house every Thursday to urinate on him.
a46_787iSeKCnDpB19wMkw	After much debate, President Truman decided to drop the atomic bomb on Hiroshima rather than the alternative of sending Chuck Norris. It was more "humane".
XbjKdoyRSZy5DuG0ip65tA	Any conservitive estimate of the amount of presents Chuck Norris has received each year for Christmas is still in the billions.
a4WPJMmGRsOupnqNwtOltw	Chuck Norris created the Universe. Astrophysicist Stephen Hawking has apologized for the "Big Bang" theory.
XcZa9tkgSm-sa6XcIn6hzA	Chuck Norris found Carmen Sandiego and promptly boned her.
NraTXZv9QYKJWaUJ315ZEw	Chuck Norris once made an ass out of himself on national TV, So the Legend of Chuck Norris exploded from the internet and beat him to death on national TV, showing that not even Chuck Norris is safe from Chuck Norris
kzsCXtYDTCS7yN18hHjZsw	Tht legendary Thunderbird is Chuck Norris's pet bird.
qnr5gldprvylg8mjdfhewq	Do you know why Baskin Robbins only has 31 flavors? Because Chuck Norris doesn't like Fudge Ripple.
JNwWt_O_QfCzbvcG0BPz6Q	Chuck Norris told Ripley to Believe it or else!
C2aUjAa8SOyQmFB6NYi_qg	Chuck Norris lives each day like it's your last.
6_MNkQ-JTKq3tS-Gx4H6Cg	Chuck Norris went back in time and punched Moses in the face, just to prove that he could do it.
oMFiUavjTT2SFlWg0kHIzQ	Chuck Norris has the directions to Sesame Street in his GPS, but refuses to tell anyone.
0oau8VXNR8m-zSCP6VZh6A	Chuck Norris inspired Santa Claus to grow a mustache and a beard.
1ksY0d1ZRJuMlD2NJ5Sn_A	Sticks and stones MAY break your bones, but with Chuck Norris it's a sure thing.
C9lG9mO9Sr29vVv70zSB9g	when Chuck Norris claps the sun goes out.
bg_h3xursougaxzprcrl0q	Chuck Norris programs do not accept input.
XH1wwOC3Ssa4OeyEh0mjTg	if you try to slap Chuck Norris he wont feel it
rMHUIb2yQM62LwKnuy46Xw	When Chuck Norris runs out of his custom-made condoms, he simply improvises with a garbage bag and some duct tape.
MzQg-imrQrWoOqiBX9zJBw	Chuck Norris owns all of the No. 1 pencils.
gEpdKu8DTx2K9IRo-BcoMQ	Women that work in an office with Chuck Norris, soon learn not ask him for his 3 hole punch.
PZsYjmtgRTiQCCOJpIMtTw	Chuck Norris has downloaded the whole internet
-bKsKntBStuKDYOWT-tHaA	When Chuck Norris gets the munchies, God help any 7-11
lRpIKhaWS_KkymMyZsyrrQ	Repost: When Chuck Norris says his power level is over 9000, he's replacing that term with 777777777777777777, and sometimes, like for this, every instance of the numeral 7 is replaced by over 9000. It's proper at this moment, because that number with a bunch of sevens is, indeed, over 9000.
Ma0dcm41QLyJVOlz7f896w	Miley Cyrus calls Chuck Norris daddy.
yzQDshvSRdO9bCGPqHAnbw	Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks you in the head, his foot will actually go through your skin, skull and brain, then reappear out the other side. This is not magic, this is power. And if you survive, that would be magic.
fTCHeXxcRGazFW9KRsRbJg	When Chuck Norris brews a strong pot of coffee he uses a flame thrower and 1/2 of Columbia's coffee trees.
m0EVAbG6SRufJLH-TwGMjA	the popular videogame "DOOM" is loosely based around the time satan borrowed two bucks from Chuck Norris and forgot to pay him back
m2LZHfFfSPy06rJsckEbMg	Chuck Norris' urine is used to disinfect hospital emergency rooms.
3BRAyR4uTMmfaOMG0m7azg	Japan can still kill whales cause sushi don't fill Chuck Norris
TAzGfQUvRImy7Oo0jf5_ew	Mr. T threw a punch and Chuck Norris met his punch with a round house kick....... The result was the 80's.
QtotrjQqRjKpjjyJB470iQ	Chuck Norris once found the mammary glands on his pet alligator. He milks her every morning and uses it to foam his morning lattes.
lUhUyggJTW2pyzhC8h8itg	Chuck Norris directed Two Girls One Cup
em3AuRdiT0Ov7XKyT1rYlQ	As an incredible fusion drummer/percussionist, Chuck Norris is all about shoving that groove so deep in the pocket it hits your ball sack with extreme prejudice.
Tuk9RfV7T92nPhH-sxPCfQ	Chuck Norris double batters his chicken and fish in cocaine & gorilla milk/egg wash.
7o-yn4lnsnqohcib8sw-dq	Chuck Norris wipes his ass with chain mail and sandpaper.
J8JwOIAVR0m1og4j4HQZ4A	Chuck Norris was the original star for the movie Pacific Rim. The director had to fire Chuck when he continued to single handedly kick the shit out of the Kijus.
ndAlduRTQEKo2FGdXSXS3Q	Chuck Norris can make he planet tilt on its axis simply by shoving a billiard cue into the ground and leaning on it.
KX-2r6LJQBCUX7fne4SEdw	chuck Norris just roundhouse kicked billy ray cyrus for mileys twerking
FXlk5yngQPKcoySVHKi5fg	Chuck Norris knows how the Neverending Story ends.
brpq_CvdT06A-ExtGwnJqw	There's no such thing as global warming. Chuck Norris just got cold, so he turned up the sun.
JkM3wDPcTOSQQUQwmgcNMg	Ever wonder how bacon was created? Chuck Norris karate chopped a pig so many times so all that was left were thin strips of meat. He then cooked them with his fire breathing ability and so bacon was invented. His beard suggested the name.
yhQ3ccHnQteR8Z_h92LfSw	Chuck Norris has three buttocks.
hwO3REACRASgG1nClLfR_w	Chuck Norris' cell phone of choice...........the Blackberry IPhone
qwwve4bkrygyuhf6whvt4a	The 11th commandment is ?Thou shalt not piss off Chuck Norris? This commandment is rarely enforced, as it is impossible to accomplish.
oRbYyNOGR_OD6fucqpoUeg	If Chuck Norris had played the lead in Monster's Ball as originally intended, it would have been called Monsterous Balls. And would have been a porno.
tdh0zPJgQPaqMJNDeZWqkQ	Chuck Norris has an IMAX television in his bedroom
7IS8z8uNQ_WBqBvFjW3xvg	Despite the fact that Chuck Norris doesn't book with Orbitz, they still send him a check when someone else books a hotel for a less.
RpemUFTcRjWrP2Ufp1dHQw	Chuck Norris knows how many kicks it takes to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop: one
lWL-DGFgS9-gGFfogiiXwg	Hemorrhoids are a pain in the ass. And in legal terms so is a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick to 'said same'.
Eph-7ARcTeanoYhzAo7U6w	One day a man waves to Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris got mad and roundhouse kicked him in the face today we know him know as the elephant man.
3FFcGIlsS36ypk_WpnMCpA	When Chuck Norris watches a movie, you can notice an unmistakable fear on the faces of the actors on the screen.
pA-b9FmiQlGz6pjMMOAFGQ	when the incredible hulk gets mad, he turns to Chuck Norris
2r8BMA41TTOQ_XZvdOCo1A	If Chuck Norris really likes you, he can make a single roundhouse kick last five hours.
19dSBhtrQnqn7azg_eF1fw	Solid Snake has a beard because Chuck Norris bit his chin an it became a fist
3peetor-txmf9v01ufujoq	When Chuck Norris has sex with a man, it won't be because he is gay. It will be because he has run out of women.
D4HJxAINTQaV8zDZRJaaig	Once a vampire sprang at Chuck Norris in the dark. Chuck Norris ate the poor create raw and alive.
yrnH_gfRTJ6A0roaUreisQ	a Ford Taurus was killed in a fatal Chuck Norris accident
NpcPeTgZT2KyZ6jRz-mdnw	Chuck Norris is so fast that the GPS speaks to him in the past tense.
vxB-jV9AQXmCCnctGyf-fQ	Little Chuck Norris would bring a carving knife to play 'duck duck goose'.
9AFI6v6EQzyTbmmaSHgZsg	as a kid, Chuck Norris's dog didnt eat his homework, his homework ate his dog
tegYSzOBTdKXjBLWospNeA	Chuck Norris can fit a three prong cable into a two socket outlet.
vJGLag_FR26B8uMrd1w9rQ	Chuck Norris pleasures himself with a battery post cleaner.
ZfYxI4y2ReaGzR1Ow_FV8g	A Chuck Norris sneeze packs enough power and steam to launch a fully loaded F/A-18 of the deck of an aircraft carrier.
aes2prretjags-4n7f3nxg	Chuck Norris has 12 moons. One of those moons is the Earth.
nVHI9qLjRXWfU3XA0Cy3gQ	When Roald Amundsen reached the South Pole, he was greeted by the sight of Chuck Norris basking naked in the antarctic sun getting a blowjob from a whale.
_bCRrO77QgaR0adMAPJNYA	the 3 blind mice may have rang all the bells in the church Chuck Norris rang all the bells in america the snap of his fingers then he got an award for rape
hE9p5hw7QcytnJqcyDvt6g	dylan halllmark beat Chuck Norris up
jpAgMNVtSDCLxR-tWSxxGA	Chuck Norris isn't actually invincible. HE DOESN'T NEED TO BE.
tcqghaj_s_eqlxktvhkodg	Most people fear the Reaper. Chuck Norris considers him "a promising Rookie".
5cGCv-UkQR6S7HeRjULwyw	When Chuck Norris played golf for money, chuck marked down a hole in 0 every time, a pro at the golf club, said to Chuck: "excuse me sir, but you cant score zero on a hole". Chuck Norris turned towards the man and said, im Chuck Norris, the man then proceeded to pour gas over his body and set himself on fire because that would be less painful than getting roundhouse kicked by Chuck Norris, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked him in the face anyways.
0asQYc5bS16yHJI_-o3aJg	Chuck norris looked at a grayard and said what have i done
RgdiZ0ORT4mV-fVXexu0Lg	Chuck Norris can hit a banjo in the butt with a bull.
9ubZDnzMT2GMNChMLsgGiw	Chuck Norris once look down at all the destruction and chaos he had caused and he thought it ..... GOOD
7bgVcitaQuuv7UYjWdNA_A	Willy Wonka's chocolate is made from a derivative of Chuck Norris' shit.
v7A99G2uQsOlXgmxwhsLyg	when chuck Norris went to see Santa as a kid, Santa pulled chuck Norris' beard to see if it was real.
cPOKN-OJSjCNvVXSxuWHiA	In his high school year book, Chuck Norris was named " most likely to kick you in the face ".
oYPckQD-RyqNTMvMXkfSVw	A Klondike bar would do anything for Chuck Norris.
Otx38WDmSQKM7ym0zMJRvw	In summer time, when Chuck Norris goes outside, he doesn't go in the shade. The sun hides behind the clouds.
4Nc8_X-bQjGr6dYYzqXRSw	Chuck Norris had a yo-yo when he was a kid. One night he just got bored with it and threw it up into the sky. Perhaps you've seen it.
lCykfezoR3WGAQtHC_ojSQ	haha very funny brad why don't you go suck Chuck Norris' big dick fag
QcctvkPHSOmhhj0otWaIKw	Chuck Norris knew the ending of Star Trek, Star Trek Generations, Star Trek Enterprise, and the Star Trek Movie before it became an idea.
mSuu176JSNScuRJ0Vq4OYQ	Chuck Norris fails at jump roping.
VTTco0tATCSiUFd_d1GvQw	Chuck Norris walked into a tattoo parlour, with a 0.50 cal machine gun. After telling the artist what he wanted, he declined the needle and pointed at the machine gun.
STQKqvcKQWq1KABYHZhCLQ	Chuck Norris once stold a can of beer, pissed in it and sold it for a buck.
1lUAyn4cRkez3tr0Oy2hww	When Medusa stared at Chuck Norris SHE turned to stone.
ztj4bULpSU6gHx2Eoldxvw	Chuck Norris is the only person that can punch a cyclops between the eye.
-u-4RmOiQGOh5xfxiOchtA	Chuck Norris knows when to hold 'em, knows when to fold 'em... and knows when to kick the table over and blow away every asshole in the room.
OlXgZ60VRGyxb7d7FcM1EA	Chuck Norris can burn water.
55NtPh7kRSGRLFwrP2rtWg	Chuck Norris washes his pennis with Pine-Sol and a wire brush.
-HLAHqB7TdmkhrnGIIPoJw	Chuck Norris has been all over more co-ed ass than butterfly tattoos.
OGchpC2nTBSf7fF32r4n7g	If you ever do the stupid 'look out!! Chuck Norris is behind you!' joke, he will snap your fucking neck like a chicken bone.
yKQxLA5-Qxe1zdBXNbe7ww	The secret to Five Hour Energy is that there is a drop of Chuck Norris sweat in every bottle.
mdtKGns-QgSMtKPCSRnrNA	The Running of the Bulls is explained by the fact that the bulls are running away from Chuck Norris.
GGYhtOqFRd27FQsKhx4zZw	The Voyager space probe is the second man-made object to leave the galaxy. The first was a VW Beetle that Chuck Norris threw in 1967.
Z0zVWKwbStSGKqQrTsBBZg	Chuck Norris uses vice drips for clothes pins...and nipple clamps.
zCJ1d7bNRxSbnJbU3avdYQ	It was going to be called 'Expendables 2: The One With Chuck Norris', but he decided to give all the other movies a break.
V0WyVLuXQXa71ZNTtzUnSg	Chuck Norris has kidnapped Bin Laden
FX2OiBnETx6DANSEET4ndg	Once Chuck Norris went on a game show called Fear Factor and won the money with no sweat
mu71uDQLT8uVyMOsIFPJgQ	Chuck Norris can divide by zero
fB4MIyRQTX2f1oBpJu4_1A	Chuck Norris can't play LIFE. his is too complicated
_6WOuzL5TDKwvOu-DUkwDA	I've heard Chuck Norris was going to be a playable character in SSBB. His hammer-using animation would be him moving the hammer in a full circle with only his left pinky. It turns out that he is stronger than that.
g8aXorgCQgypBtYA9-AWBA	Chuck Norris has a 1:1 scale size tattoo on his right testicle of Megan Fox blowing him.
RHnlQIANQo6EGebs3FwnBw	All of the athletes caught using steroids were in fact injecting themselves with a drop of Chuck Norris piss!
OR_hvGVnSSiaGmEet4rEFA	Contrary To Popular Belief, Chuck Norris Won Super Bowl 46. By Phone
Zd1RxWqFSvWfd_KAkxSorA	At school, Chuck Norris' nickname was 'Chuck Norris'.
bPeQ14crRU24RiqQw3FAHA	CHUCK NORRIS WILL KILL YOU ALL!
xqrQnwiLTaWuJQ9as3qR1w	Someone took Chuck Norris' daughters virginity.....Chuck Norris got it back!!!!
ILP5gJ0JQyWvE6ZweUlR0A	Chuck norris built his home with his bare feet
wDRyXyVOSuKelw9nlUe5Mg	Can God create a rock so heavy he himself cannot lift? Yes, he created Chuck Norris.
fivi0z5lt8gp_6vt3cc8pw	If Chuck Norris writes code with bugs, the bugs fix themselves.
nEuNe_myTcOjp1u4bdgi6Q	Chuck Norris' car has homicide doors
itHzbt5pRcahZebzo1RDTg	When Chuck Norris was born his mother didn't have a enough breast milk so a herd of milking cows were brought in each day. 8 weeks later he was able to dine on Texas BBQ with all the fixins.
pOObLattT2yQ0pyMjQpoWA	Chuck Norris once ate a Tank, in one single bite
OvZihJlQSZSv66a-9Qx_3Q	They wanted Amy Winehouse to go to rehab, but she said no, no, no. So Chuck Norris killed her.
R2AIWO_JSSmPZrJYh1FX8g	Pain is Chuck Norris entering your body
hWMlVQ6DRlOU73mbhes-4A	if curiosity killed the cat, Chuck Norris reincarnated it
033deA0CQc-equCllTV9Sw	Chuck Norris, motherfucker. Chuck fucking Norris.
cygLw3NHQTuJIUKKgaC8nA	The epic impact of Chuck Norris hitting puberty made ripples in the fabric of reality that are still causing spontaneous female orgasms to this day.
KEsPZmb4QnyzTwj4-axquA	Chuck Norris drinks his whiskey with a goddamn funnel.
776YOEi6SL2zRpsNLLrr0g	Chuck Norris decides the winner of American Idol.
IUwHxgEnTIK2CIVto04shw	When in doubt..........Chuck Norris.
YIJeclypScWCOV8qS96DKA	If Chuck Norris wanted you dead, he'd kick you so hard that the force causes your body to accelerate past light speed, tear open the fabric of space time, and your corpse go back in time and kill your past self, thus erasing your existence from the entire universe.
TCdE5DzCRUa0hYQTpUnxaA	Senses come to their Chuck Norris.
EQpbOxLfTD27fNdVY9UAZA	Chuck Norris demanded he be awarded a Nobel Prize or else he would destroy the world. To appease the great destroyer, the Nobel Committee awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for 1947 to Chuck Norris and Gandhi. Chuck Norris killed Gandhi the next day.
sk_Q8bmoSsmZ6R_VlQUE_A	Chuck Norris got the new Galaxy Foamposites for free.
CU7so1leSuSQ3BpPu_jmjQ	Chuck Norris's dog doesn't know who's a good boy.
Qmbfgi8GSDyHLKpCCe-FNw	Chuck Norris' grass is always greener.
DAEvb9PJT4eGUzf1GXykzw	Chuck Norris once milked a bull. He then forced Michael Richards to drink it.
MO_TsK3uQyWR4WEkaiMpOQ	When Chuck Norris falls in water, Chuck Norris doesn't get wet. Water gets Chuck Norris
G44Ocrk4QbquE5rNbUBowg	Chuck Norris makes Bear Grylls look like a goddamn shut-in.
Z0hPp5AsQNu2IzTsxhHwOw	Chuck Norris can outrun an Olympic sprinter. By walking.
gL2U2IFBS5uAudSklJ9YAA	Chuck Norris can have a midnight snack at quarter to four in the afternoon.
EBa9hHO5TRSjEAz7BK1y_w	Chuck Norris used a hatchet to remove a fly from his friend's forehead
mkymCZtUSQiE9a1BXJR7tw	Chuck Norris is the reason why Oscar the Grouch is in a trash can.
GnNz1IsTTBG2-UjfRQGiwQ	Chuck Norris can't actually walk on water but he never got over knee deep while walking across the Atlantic ocean.
7DrobDFwT0a0EKy1Ho-kJQ	Chuck norris let the dogs out Chuck Norris wants some more
wks874NuTfqdj5hY5Kmn0g	People might think that light is the fastest thing in the universe, but try telling that to Bob. Bob was a 32 year old, cross-eyed man who just happened to look at Chuck Norris cross-eyed. This pissed Chuck Norris off, so he delivered his patented roundhouse kick to Bob's face. The skin on Bob's face peeled back, his teeth shattered, and his eyes straightened before they exploded out of his skull with enough force to kill two nearby observers. Two seconds later, Bob was three galaxies away from the edge of the universe. Five seconds later, light was like, "What the hell!?!" as Bob easily passed it by.
uM2CoX0lQra-mwwaaCfJxg	The term "Everything is bigger in Texas" came from Chuck Norris dropping his pants in front of 7,000 out-of-state tourists.
mbqf_TyNT6WiKlAKBSdeNQ	Chuck Norris puts the G in G-spot.
GxhpqJDERvGwmLKJ4VgO5g	James Bond says his name twice to introduce himself. Chuck Norris just roundhouse kicks you in the face.
br0nodo6sl2q1u_i2s6uja	For some, the left testicle is larger than the right one. For Chuck Norris, each testicle is larger than the other one.
oz0aH06aRxW_9EwF7jCeIA	Yogi is in AWE of Chuck Norris' penis.
JtJM-Ta2SEygf87ryB5Gqw	Chuck Norris's email address is gmail@chucknorris.com
PdsQlYBWT_2lFyaqjr87yg	Chuck Norris changes saw blades while using the saw!
UmqUOtiUQ1mQ6S7gT4bICQ	Chuck Norris can unring bells.
9MWLKRqHT72oHowY5UsJvQ	Chuck Norris strikes fear into zombies.
GOHJwRYbSWeAFpY7NqBZuQ	When all else fails.....Chuck Norris doesn't.
ZjrM9K2WTNCgJwCV1-AUrg	Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked superman and turned him into the late Christopher Reeve.
6sTAbZWvRdOFIDzACc1rtw	how do you put out a forest fire? you have Chuck Norris fart on it.
fxbtkashqr25rgwabwolbw	Archeologists unearthed an old english dictionary dating back to the year 1236. It defined "victim" as "one who has encountered Chuck Norris"
PzDjqT-BSTGBXHDCdcndKQ	R&D scientists at Proctor & Gamble were able to invent Fabreeze textile & air freshener by reversing the molecular polarity of Chuck Norris' farts.
Uhgto81jSbGD0iDFBCNQlA	Chuck Norris once beat John Wayne in a armwrestling match. But, that was when he was 1 and a half.
gM4Ao1V7SKerp2nccEMdmQ	If you ever catch your kid watching a Chuck Norris movie, check him the next day for beard stubble.
hx_ltvDwSwegrT5AFsniDQ	even Chuck Norris can't finished GTA5 online
ZHL7BUcFRM27XvlxWIVw5Q	Chuck Norris uses pepper spray to spice up his steaks.
7xzhkhftrguspxxmd-hd_q	Chuck Norris doesn't stub his toes. He accidentally destroys chairs, bedframes, and sidewalks.
f3pi4IOAQGezzspDRHhhNA	For a short period in the mid-70's, Chuck Norris sported an enormous Chuckfro.
dol4jfp2sdmfrkx3srhrmg	Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is based on a true story: Chuck Norris once swallowed a turtle whole, and when he crapped it out, the turtle was six feet tall and had learned karate.
XKkxqppkRpa2pHXIQ1d6Ww	A lady once asked Chuck Norris to kiss her baby. He thought she said 'kick'. Oops.
_6eXQx5kQX-mta4sNeoA0g	Chuck Norris only applies his car brakes for people with red hair & beards.
X1qsVDIhQ96YWroPCtQunw	Someone once told Chuck Norris his hair looked good. He roundhouse kicked him in the face and told him that he made the hair look good.
8plI-Z3IQoCmEcRV1vSYvw	when you play COD with chuck Norris the escape button doesn't work! No one can escape from Chuck Norris.
r1syL05lTTapKkc5raTH6g	The skidmarks in Chuck Norris' underwear are actual tyre-tracks.
j7DfC5trTLa42IXMWRjK8A	Chuck Norris found the end of pie.
ySeXepMcRvCUDljdjrPE2g	Chuck Norris is the only man who can live with and without women.
uJfI0XQ3TU64OJKVwy39NA	Osama Bin Laden was not buried at sea. His body was handed over to Chuck Norris for "proper disposal."
qMk79WLNQfipv-mwA3qb-A	Pavlov used to shit his pants every time Chuck Norris rang his doorbell.
kndyPMA2QR68uV8tTSa48Q	Chuck Norris can derive the slope of a vertical line.
2Aq3NvEFRICJhS7jESKgng	Can Chuck Norris kick it? Of course he fucking can.
Ujf08gBWTAWyOakxP8yKDw	Wait, check that. Nothing goes on that list of things Chuck Norris can't kill you with. Not even tiny Minecraft slimes.
rmjCPZL2SM-3LXx07phRaA	Chuck Norris doesn't do pushups. He does Earth-downs.
7aDT0NMmTQKfBRjIEf9hQQ	Chuck Norris wil always kick your arse. Even in soviet russia.
Q9CXfPZfS6m20SUoTQFAfA	The meteor in russia was caused by Chuck Norris punching the asteroid.
Y_7ELISsSoCWbqqki3Gf2g	Chuck Norris can sell BLT sandwiches in a Mosque.
n3T1j6_eRl-m_Hz5-N7Owg	You are always told to turn off your cell phone during a flight, in case Chuck Norris calls you and whispers the secret incantation to make you spontaneously combust.
2H7pbDEeTKmd8N22z29yqQ	If you ever find yourself watching a Total Gym infomercial, take comfort in the fact that Chuck Norris will not kill you at that exact moment. However, if you change the channel, all bets are off. The best thing to do is to order twelve of them immediately.
GRvAzWNMRiuiHs5fjbF66g	The only solution for our economic recovery is Chuck Norris merchandise.
wqMuuH9yQBK3BF83RgLqPA	Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked all the masculinity out of Justin Bieber, which all landed inside P!nk.
yIXq-JYzR8CkId88YFGQTA	Chuck Norris will dissolve your face with an acidic fart if he considers your blowjob to be sub-par.
SAzi0oZBRnm5oS6Bf_v5Iw	Will weston is gay, so is Chuck Norris.
yBo2DPQ-RdiUXJwfzl8b4A	Chuck Norris is suing the creators of Facebook, for stealing the name of his personal collection of facial tissue he ripped off from people he met with bad manners.
sywzY_ipTIusV5y5xsCTdw	The chief export of Chuck Norris is Pain.
MjuZwkMCS4aGf2yPXOgI4g	Chuck Norris invented a new language called Roundhouse Chuckanese
_U4_kOBtR3So-8nwdMA7Pg	Chuck Norris has to visit the dentist twice a month in order to remove the jawbreakers stuck between his teeth.
vuSpFINERKarK6mXqQrbhg	The Mona Lisa is based on a peice of toilet paper used by Chuck Norris.
8Y_Hm0wUT0WDvy9te09fsg	Chuck Norris does not hunt because the word hunting infers the probability of failure. Chuck Norris goes killing
R6Xy80fUSyW7Cr3RfmHpbQ	Chuck Norris made Jack jump
8PvMbSrASTaIgWxGC7je1A	Snickers never satisfies Chuck Norris.
sSTcTXdsSAq_8duAaiEYbw	Chuck Norris claims the greatest comedy ever is "Saving Private Ryan"
bu6vv64gscu8qodwsafilg	Chuck Norris does not play the lottery. It doesn't have nearly enough balls.
7PwVQAMNTYOwcjiEGmP0cw	Chuck Norris doesn't sleep in on Sunday mornings because he has learned that the best time to run little old ladies over with his Hummer is on their way to church.
u_Lk2j3gTVqqicgm89dNXw	Step 1: Not giving a shit about the third world. Step 2: An M16 Assault Rifle. Step 3: Chuck Norris.
nIEoobK5RN-HHhbHbGf-_Q	Chuck Norris' idea of fast food is chasing down a Cheetah and cooking to up on his BBQ.
zxK41eOzRzed3Ua3jSWkrA	It takes Chuck Norris 10 minutes to watch 60 minutes.
8UkM9mAaTDub0kk9JYanaA	Chuck Norris is the only man that is allowed to have his cell phone on in a hospital, because he is the one that puts people in the hospital
grF16ij_QFCQVF3XHs301A	Cancerous growths have been found on tobacco plants growing in fields that Chuck Norris had walked through.
APaGLmr-Su-RRxAOMb2KXg	Chuck Norris Gave Santa a box full of Condoms on Christmas day last year.
Obi8Vp_uRXqrjmMgjrCPaw	Gregg Valentino is known to have the biggest biceps on the planet. That's because he once accidentally dropped a weight on Chuck Norris foot while training in the gym with Chuck. That action Caused Chuck's reflex's to hammer-kick Valentino in each bicep. Now even Arnold is amazed at Valentino's giant swollen biceps.
G74CnhIHQ8mOjvt5OAN0sg	There can be a lot of Chucks. But there can be only one Chuck Norris.
UnkLlJd7QgqaqXeDUvvT4w	You, the reader of this message, have nothing better to do than read Chuck Norris memes all day. One day your fat, acme-covered ass will die of AID's and virginity and i'll stand over your grave in a yellow thong thrusting my man meat on your tombstone tea bagging you.
V5qCDV4rSO-hs1KqltOXqA	Chuck Norris can move quicker then the blink of an eye
60O3YmAqQ1SEE_yN5bDJqw	When he wants to, Chuck Norris can literally shit nickels. This comes in handy when he's playing the slots in Vegas
dKV1bV6kQfKxa70HYXOSHw	Scientist have tried to come up with a theory for how Chuck Norris came to be... we now know this theory as the "Big Bang"
nJyYxo1MQu679o0gru1w4g	Vegas bookmakers change odds on sporting events based on which team or athlete Chuck Norris is betting on.
jUc_aA_CQN6j1j0_xr0Zgw	Chuck Norris thinks Marcelles Wallace looks like a bitch.
Jo7JnrsCStq63sW0Iaoh4Q	Chuck Norris pissed out the Golden Gate Bridge at age 7
880hb3rQTxq2ZLMnRvUlaA	Chuck Norris was the Da Vinci's Code. Nobody ever had the guts to decode it, knowing that.
KHLlRsrWQ7OhV4n2Fz_4wA	A clarvoyant once offered to read Chuck Norris' palm. After staring at it for about thirty seconds, her head exploded.
NeQ_Tt0DT72dBZqgR7VD-Q	HI IM CHRIS AND MAUNDERS JIZZED ON MY NECK LOL, I GOT PWNED ON COD6 BY JOHNSON !!! I LIKE GAY SEX WITH CHUCK NORRIS,! FUCKIN HARDEST GUY IN ROCHDALE HERE 2K9
BghoGBrZScy9eNPkgbxp_A	Chuck Norris can pleasure a woman by simply pointing his fingers and saying "Booyah".
Exgo5lyaT7CrHpp3jG-jdA	Chuck Norris can sen a text message from either his BlackBerry or one of his DingleBerries.
e2AgQW3IQsCKx1wn4-N7PA	Chuck Norris inhaled helium and had a much deeper voice.
mRyFwX59SWWt6Y8qnUe-LQ	Chuck Norris got mad at a hamer and round house kicked it in to the first sluge hamer
qpz0nosttf2slw7l-nonaw	In a tagteam match, Chuck Norris was teamed with Hulk Hogan against King Kong Bundy and Andre The Giant. He pinned all 3 at the same time.
96RJo6goSoi-knyzz6ndgA	Chuck Norris is one badass motherchucker.
dngfZnZ2Q0eFCgy3rO13eA	Chuck Norris recently stated that cigars taste 'considerably better' when lit off of a flaming human corpse.
aahoo_iuque3r4x_-nnx8w	Chuck Norris destroyed the periodic table, because Chuck Norris only recognizes the element of surprise.
9A7Tt0zlSI-9tJaPCVMYMQ	Chuck Norris' testicles are lavender-scented.
CLx42sRFT-SGqrJ3Xf7mpQ	Chuck Norris can kill more people before 9 A.M. than most armies can kill all day.
kbQpRPkTQumrSKEfkBoCYg	Chuck Norris doesn't want to build a snowman.
SQCroD7qS6OsFTJOIWQNoQ	Chuck Norris can ram a VHS tape into a DVD player and the motherfucker will play.
48CfckP2S2y2oj1vyxgGCw	Chuck Norris loves your mother.
rDblMrc_RqSmNqXn7-BoIA	Chuck Norris has Skynet installed on his laptop.
NqbJiZcYTGmbwdcWBkYOsw	Prostitution began when Chuck Norris went back in time and offered a Cro-Magnon woman a freshly slaughtered Woolly Mammoth as payment for a blow-job.
Htph_nWJSXCLsTFUt6Ci3w	Chuck Norris can eat eat a hammer and crap out an axe.
hg5K1vwvQJafUhrTpnNZ6Q	Mickey Mantle's longest home run travelled about 565 feet from home plate  Chuck Norris' longest home run travelled about 565 light years from home plate.
rdtNLwrNRXm4QPQDr7uE5g	in third world war people will be calling heil norris! long live Chuck Norris
L5IfXerPRvaPYBEX0IDqmw	I give up. farewell Chuck Norris. *shoots himself*
8jLJNGw-QSWsfXZffHV2-A	NO ALISTER CHUCK NORRIS KICKS YO ASS :), NO ALISTER CHUCK NORRIS KICKS YO ASS :), NO ALISTER CHUCK NORRIS KICKS YO ASS :), NO ALISTER CHUCK NORRIS KICKS YO ASS :), NO ALISTER CHUCK NORRIS KICKS YO ASS :), NO ALISTER CHUCK NORRIS KICKS YO ASS :), NO ALISTER CHUCK NORRIS KICKS YO ASS :), NO ALISTER CHUCK NORRIS KICKS YO ASS :),
QBz3siqtRuCw-oJKg-gJPA	Five Finger Death Punch and Twelve Foot Ninja are rock bands named after the way Chuck Norris killed a giant ninja.
aSKHcx20SbuXLK191UHOLw	If you give Chuck Norris a fish you feed him for a day, but if you teach Chuck Norris how to fish, he will simply out fish you and then flog your face with a dead catfish!
paGy4nE4TF6YFbU4Q30HWg	Rattlesnakes have died from Chuck Norris bites.
iU3Kxw6fSlSmDm5B3QQs4w	Rudolph has a red nose because he got lippy and Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked him across the face several times
4mP0hJgjQN2l2eKkoJ6sDQ	Water boils faster when Chuck Norris is watching it.
KjILg4flRjyoyTU6tfvvfQ	Life is what Chuck Norris makes it.
4SG5VcE_QairyH_WkffUKA	Chuck Norris cuts his fingernails with a hatchet.
KBYk5XfhR52J4Ge-A1rL5w	Chuck Norris won't be Mr. Rogers' neighbor.
bZvOHs6qRF2O_uHLO-Bwlg	List Of Things Chuck Norris Cannot Kill You With: tiny Minecraft slimes
SxTKsQ0bTAaHuQT8QFOK1Q	Chuck Norris roundhouse-kicked the letter 'r' out of Jonathon Woss.
E0V0w1RXREm8cOKlCsvPPg	I owe greeney a tenner but he ain't havin it, lmao!!! Chuck Norris also owes Greeney a tenner and chuck gave it to him cos hes a pussy!!
IncQHNiUSvigHYNS8W9FwQ	Chuck Norris likes to scare the shit out of Saint Peter by killing people so hard they smash into the pearly gates.
dr_B4ZgNTxi5G8dz4pEtTQ	Chuck Norris once actually made it rain cats and dogs just so he could solve a mouse problem.
QNudkaH2RJi2784jDy2Oxg	Once, while experiencing an episode of ironic humor, Chuck Norris drowned an elephant in a vat of peanut oil.
fCPEiu0TThqzcA0Jcs_nCA	Every night, Richard Dawkins prays to Chuck Norris for forgiveness
8bC92jHdRk2aH0g9QwJlaQ	Chuck Norris can put 14000 songs on a 1gb ipod
67vlaaxiRxWO4mpSR9gR0A	The Boogeyman once hid under Chuck Norris' bed. When he realized what he'd done, the Boogeyman peed his pants and ran screaming into the night.
kt6CzByFQAOGQvZ3paoKUg	Chuck Norris can open a package of bacon with his morning wood.
PeSxulDrTeKkJEyt0e78jQ	The key to eradicating all disease lies in the immune system of Chuck Norris.
3YOBg-0BQQS3qE6dGYoQwA	Chuck Norris is so cool, Chuck Norris never "pops his collar"; his shirt just gets an erection when it touches his skin!
s6gwy3n3Q16Ennb2OI0Fug	When hitler killed himself it was because he saw Chuck Norris .
zizd83fGQ9iL6eM9VCNYCQ	Bill Clinton got Chuck Norris' sloppy seconds
RZCyO99jShmwVLOu-ouhBA	Chuck Norris fact: John Merrick was Chuck Norris' identical twin. Chuck kicked his brothers butt inside his mothers womb for sucking on his thumb. John Merrick is known today as the elephant man.
ZHmu9wxnQli6xwUrzlqSjg	Deccember 23, 2012 is not the end of the world. It is either the day Chuck Norris dies or become president.
xmYgySVFQIq9XTb1o_ZoPQ	Chuck Norris can pee in the pool without getting caught.
apyH9AuqQ7mk7VGZlUmDQA	Every night when Chuck Norris goes to sleep, his beard detaches itself, picks up a small knife and sprints towards the city in hopes to match his kill count.
OQOWtXrJR6-kfbxXThEAtw	Chuck Norris doesnt play by the rules. the rules play by Chuck Norris
tffm_EEURD28frQsfEFTDQ	If Chuck Norris says to you "Truth or dare?", he's not playing the game...
K17QUcZDReu6bzGRiutzaw	Lindsay Lohan once put a hickey on one of Chuck Norris' hemorrhoids.
QOj-LhjgSK2lBlhS3wgL_g	In high school, Chuck Norris would get out of math class by dividing by zero and then escaping through the wormhole it produced.
7cPE4z3pT2SpaRe3stDLiA	When many people end a threat with "or else," the "or else" is pain or punishment. When Chuck Norris uses "or else," it means horrible death.
_SqUlOeoRGG_gamGLbJ_YA	Muammar Gaddafi's troops started to defect when Libyan state television began their Chuck Norris-month.
C1e2CKmfRd-qe79e_JNoMQ	Chuck Norris is all five Beatles.
6OhqDMjzQOqz006M-nIErA	When you tell Chuck Norris a Chuck Norris fact, he laughs. And then roundhouse kicks you in the face.
rdoqnrZGS26bPfu8gJ6kNg	The Van Halen song "Runnin' With The Devil" was originally called "Running Screaming From Chuck Norris".
wVuxXIqZTuqt9A9Va3CDjw	Chuck Norris can drive manual, in an automatic.
6sdvoj-msgi6miv07ekctq	Chuck Norris is currently suing myspace for taking the name of what he calls everything around you.
pcjhGHntT2aZkRng6xSlsA	Chuck Norris said hi tavian
0MTt-u7mTzOH3HDEgCevjg	Even as a kid, Chuck Norris never went number two. It was at least 4.7 on the Richter scale.
kZAGZAqiQXG4VWhBDiXEYQ	Haiti once talked about Chuck Norris' momma, we all know what happened to Haiti.
VHfP5kj3SLyafGh1_QhDMg	Bikers call themselves "hang arounds" when they're with Chuck Norris
ikoFmXkEQRir5pw1tDRvTg	Disco, the Latin language, and Dinosaurs: all unfortunate victims of Chuck Norris.
1cDtJawKRVWE34vVdmcucw	every time Chuck Norris has a beer 17 people die
O7kTzE0uT0OJXW5o5UHWFw	Chuck Norris' opinion is considered to be a fatwa in Japan.
7YcJMpvfS2iEdNFKxI3SSQ	Chuck Norris' DVD commentaries on his movies are always dead silence, punctuated every minute or so by the cracking of a beer can.
qN6_jX2JTmCHvpr6AJjv7g	Chuck Norris doesn't have nightmares, nightmares have him
kj7QSTHBSJmsSXOzM6AwMQ	Chuck Norris can swim in a pool table.
HufBuaK0QauX8u8qg-HEhA	Chuck Norris was aboard the Costa Concordia. When it sank, Chuck Norris inflated his beard and swam away with 427 grateful passengers.
8l4gn8dsr-outhsy47nnta	Chuck Norris can hit you so hard that he can actually alter your DNA. Decades from now your descendants will occasionally clutch their heads and yell "What The Hell was That?".
h1MN_q9sT3aWTH9PBZJTCg	Chuck Norris created the alphabet just so he could spell the words "kicked your ass".
WR3C7LuoRiakroCWlvYeHg	When Chuck Norris shoots his cum-load this is referred to in the media as a tsunami
arn6-y-fSG2io7P9YeVIfg	Chuck Norris was selected for jury duty. The judge was immediately sentenced to death.
vkgWPm87Q2-WH4QV_hN0sA	Chuck Norris has decided the world will not end on 12/12/12.
Tm1mGqYGRz2VfNSC7xcm1Q	Contrary to popular belief, there are actually 5 classical elements: Earth, Air, Fire, Water, and Chuck Norris.
-iqdtc09S2-Q1ja6iFo2zg	The most beautiful and lush chord ever heard by the human ear is created by Chuck Norris simply dropping his dick onto a piano keyboard.
A844q3yxTLip_h30pMWMOA	Chuck Norris once single handedly killed 97 Afghan terrorists with his M-16 assault rifle. Then he flipped off the safety and shot 500 more of them.
cDMgRyNxRFu2C1bY-uB3mQ	The six stages of grief: 1.Denial 2.Anger 3.Bargaining 4.Depression 5.Acceptance 6.Being Killed By Chuck Norris
tgkaa74PR7iR8Uy36YtVzw	King Kong was the pet of Chuck Norris
2XT9x9o9RDG7BCNco5Mdvg	Leaving a criminal in the same room as Chuck Norris is considered cruel and unusual punishment.
s2RJlo-zTgCmu-VNgcGeQA	Somebody once witnessed Chuck Norris saw a mans head clean off, with a pillow!
chHuovrMSPGy4J46ea-oiQ	There is a huge marthon with 300 of the fastest people in the world.Do you know who was the fastest and has already won? You guessed it,Chuck Norris
QFBQ_uDUTO2PTF3AfOhzuA	Creepers are scared of cats because Chuck Norris does not harm cats. Creepers know that this means that Chuck Norris likes cats and vice versa. Therefore, they know that if they harm a cat that Chuck Norris will harm THEM. They also know that Chuck Norris does not like creepers; therefore the creepers know the cats would probably harm them.
Tj73LAseQ5uOwWXrVuOEpw	Magicians always have an extra trick up their sleeve. Chuck Norris has an extra pair of balls up his.
0xv30ug3QlCDCnCO-JQOCg	wile hiking in the mountains, Chuck Norris came face to face with a bear. so to avoid be atacked and killed the bear played dead.
xHVOFV_qQFOKifRFQXJUjQ	Don't tell Chuck Norris What to bring to a BBQ. Chuck Norris only brings the pain.
wylvACtuQw-uUbjxewi12g	Chuck Norris is a man of action.
mBGvMCpNQpyB3--fliuH6A	Chuck Norris doesant need a maricale for the ocean to split he just walks in and the ocean getss the fuck out of the way
ahA5OwxMSoao26goWaa-gg	Some people have wondered why Chuck Norris never played hockey.  Would you want to face Chuck Norris with blades attached to his feet?
3ew2Bz6gQmKbSTVCknrISQ	After reading about the April protests in Baltimore, Chuck Norris decided to attend the Orioles, White Sox game to protect the players. No protester or thug dared attend.
aHzHohghQduwguKfyzQZag	Life is in no way as large as Chuck Norris
jqgu04prsomr9uiwbyzebq	For Chuck Norris, NP-Hard = O(1).
4e-gBFzHQD23ez_B-Bz1nA	Chuck Norris where's a black belt around the beard that he grows on his dick
oI4rtgsSTFmi3u-6J42lBA	Justin Bieber, God and Chuck Norris are all on a tall building. Underneath is a very busy road. They all pull their trousers down to measure their dick size. Bieber had no dick, so he fell off. Norris started swinging, so God asked why. He replied "I am dodging traffic".
tnsit4iqsk2fe7ohwk1qgq	Chuck Norris owns a chain of fast-food restaurants throughout the southwest. They serve nothing but barbecue-flavored ice cream and Hot Pockets.
SltGjkAOSaWdkyQV7nN0JA	A man once suggested to Chuck Norris that he might, for a change, want to wear a goatee. Chuck Norris cut him in half with a circular saw.
1V-TBXT6RDWczN4FZ8oovg	The 1951 UFO sighting was actually a man hole cover kicked by Chuck Norris.
06PafYzMRlq1eSl5vh2vlQ	The One ring from LOTR is an undigested cheerio that Chuck Norris had for breakfast.
pncmdsdysaka9zrlafhleg	Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He stares them down until he gets the information he wants.
uRalRtYsR9uWvc2ldrho7Q	Fifty Shades Of Chuck Norris.
2Nq2DRVdT9e8_l0sYvFnEw	Chuck Norris stood in the way of progress.
yE8AlS-gQoay1U1s6--X9g	Osama is not hiding from U.S soldiers , but of Chuck Norris
kosDz9_hTY-Uju9U84zKRw	There is no Zuul. There is only Chuck Norris
x2j-n3dkSSat_j_T2OmtNg	Chuck Norris can end the recession with one phone call.
fOv0NSyoTWGAySqLuvREMw	if you open a mail from Chuck Norris, it kills you.
ofJk8_c4Tbq7bnoT_NlVVA	Brahma bulls are envious of the size of all three of Chuck Norris' testicles.
013U3baOR56lKNOSjlenrQ	Chuck Norris' penis sleeps in a seperate bed.
qOPC6zaRQPGv_7xcqZ7n8A	Mike wants to be like Chuck Norris.
-1Jdw5QNQc-sgjeA_igfOw	I, Fabio Lanzoni, am Chuck Norris' youngest son.
DAjGbVLrRDCfaXaghIGWGw	Chuck Norris has a cave troll.
Dgitd4H1QqGriTgSDgRDTg	#shanimalrocks Chuck Norris mmmmhhh...inna BAdWay!
T4xj5g8ZTpO7E2ozfRBR5w	On a recent trip to Vegas, Chuck Norris won a hand of blackjack with 21 aces.
UZQNIUZWTSm00o0FKAXktw	Chuck Norris has the world's largest baculum. Don't know what that is? Look it up.
cUBXmg8rRr-om7G8GE_jxw	Chuck Norris doesn't chew gum he chews diamonds
DMPXPdB1TmeRLva3pLorMQ	Chuck Norris knows you currently have a pornographic website minimised on the screen.
QgcXwKQXT2WYdPdm3ZhCmw	Chuck Norris toilet is made of stainless steel.
9TrF1rLPRU-4q9ZdFfONTg	Chuck Norris never asks if you are talking to him.
cDe_bUNgRqe0qOKJDaftMg	God is Chuck Norris 3rd cousin
yDBhsOJcT4Wf9sn900KWGw	Chuck Norris once competed in the Tour de France riding a unicycle backwards with an elephant on his back. He crossed the finish line 5 days before the runner-up.
Tp5vvzRJT7SvLtbhtynVpg	There is a saying "Only the good die young". Chuck Norris was born before Christ.
YPhbTu4FT3SmYe0nF7L_7Q	Chuck Norris spells relief, F-A-R-T.
Cen27AafS-OjXQaPB9slzA	Chuck Norris literaly cuts playing cards. The number of craters on the moon matches the exact number of players who complained about that.
HFoFixVCQCKJNqPkAoUNkg	Calvin Klein always used to wear Chuck Norris' discarded slacks.
opXqZun6RfS2w68_LzZkdg	9/11 wasn't caused by terrorists, Chuck Norris got a toy air plane and GI Joes
6EF0w2SMRlqWnwpeF7eAzA	Chuck Norris did not shoot the Sheriff or the Deputy but he did torch thier police cruiser with a flaming porcupine.
6pzfm6wDSlmb2X7laRKOKg	when Chuck Norris met Scorpion from MK, Scorpion said "STAY OVER THERE!!!"
wx49il13RBSDSQU6K-fo1g	Chuck Norris thinks people who use horseradish sauce on their Prime Rib Steaks are pussies. Chuck Norris prefers lionradish sauce and sauerkraut on his Prime Rib.
5zUXtXmvQ8eY8_pGTGjdlQ	Chuck Norris gently & tenderly rubbed his beard across the tiny face of 'The Green Mile' mouse, thus giving it eternal life. Just imagine the fun he had squashing it with his boots over & over again!
iP-fbSUNRlW90IUZad8NWQ	Most people play slender ,slender plays chuck Norris.
Y9HFe6O4RqiWyumepjl1tQ	When Chuck Norris has to lay low from the cops, his alias is Not Chuck Norris. He has photo ID and everything.
_9PZuuWPR6-q8X227sPqZw	When theres a game to win the game (ones with ur voices) you sai CHUCK NORRIS I WIN
o-c_rdw5sweexosfwefcpg	Most tough men eat nails for breakfast. Chuck Norris does all of his grocery shopping at Home Depot.
KCqowRekTiW5gHPPLurLdw	Brokeback Mountain is not just a film. It's also what Chuck Norris calls the pile of dead ninjas is his backyard.
ig3V8xZ0TqGsdb74E2kPBw	Chuck Norris scratches his nuts with a cheese grater.
ROwPoMB8TxyLtZR2OXI8cw	The Vatican conclave of voting Cardinals burn Chuck Norris dingleberries to create the white smoke that signals the election of a new Pope.
b7iKeAmkQCifpif5Lm7qSQ	Statistics show that for every two people Chuck Norris killed, he impregnated one.
msLt34oLQPuXq0pzAr1d4w	Some people can slide down stair banisters. Chuck Norris can slide UP down escalators.
04UEUXsVRjqQzYNlX_ZkhQ	If Chuck Norris is late....time better slow the fuck down!!
I0Tcx7aXRI2M-AnR3Yx3bw	Chuck Norris roundhouse-kicked the man who shot Liberty Vallance.
bESHJ3YrTEW638ky0rr3Yg	Chuck Norris doesn't need an axe or saw to cut down a tree -- he needs only his foot, or his fist, or his glare.
rJ1rN4y3R5ac53LeImdR2g	Chuck Norris can send a text massage through public telephone
Ju9bNVK0ToWqwP-S81sNLA	A black hole is created every time Chuck Norris farts.
M-pi72KSS9KDr0cEXeTI_w	Chuck norris does not play dice... : Einstein
SxJDEsdZQamxlHLt5g8cPA	Chuck Norris will peel your face like an orange...then squeeze your head for the juice.
qbf6O1MaSfGx18LwDGcmgg	Chuck Norris doesn't have aids. But he gives it to people anyways.
U92MVmsiRYOVuOJzvc8eRA	Chuck Norris can't defy gravity. Gravity would never oppose him.
Pn_IZTBKTNyBqu9_ku6hOQ	Chuck Norris has no hair on his balls This is because hair cannot grow out of steel
tisckriuresbisvatn2aca	In ancient China there is a legend that one day a child will be born from a dragon, grow to be a man, and vanquish evil from the land. That man is not Chuck Norris, because Chuck Norris killed that man.
h55dpri0qosxifgu1blojg	Chuck Norris got his drivers license at the age of 16. Seconds.
qnms6dwpsb6gkiuknbdwfw	If at first you don't succeed, you're not Chuck Norris.
f_aMrxkJSJqtCbTieKqlPg	Chuck Norris chiseled Snoop Dog's snizzel.
eRWnxxIwSxqMB2OQ8I2w-Q	Chuck Norris once knocked a woman out with his ejaculation.
wHCXbiAhQY6ET6vk7X4fLw	Chuck Norris likes to joust with a flagpole and a quad bike. He also pole vaults this way (9 gold medals).
YoO_lXyFR7er7XBzHDD6cA	The world record for eating hot dogs and buns in 10 minutes is 59. Chuck Norris can eat 200, followed by 3 kegs of beer.
4zJucm7gS5GfKUETaWUKaA	Chuck Norris once took a dump on the African savannah while on safari. Later, 2,300 dung beetles were found OD'ing in a state ecstasy.
gSjMpybIQ5yKZglgR66vRg	Chuck Norris likes cigarettes on his sandvich.
z1wXCzv5RvCJGskkH35uug	Chuck Norris can drink water in a saucer.
HxJCox7ARBKnz7-i2RvqYA	Chuck Norris knew that Darth Vader was Luke Skywalker's father before the end of the first movie.
QEN53nhhTW-4-xRrNXRBEw	11. Chuck norris does not donate to charities 12. Chuck norris doesnt belueve he can fly
tMlF6LtIScu7oc9HdmztYQ	Chuck Norris knows what you did last summer.
ZnpbuLplSBOYHHxDCL4S8g	Chuck Norris knows the wrong way to eat a reeses
9zKM0mv0QlaZ4SaC2QVtqA	The Missing Link IS Chuck Norris.
YuW99QyQRFGEYbqQp_TynA	Helen Keller screamed Chuck Norris's name when she had sex.
eWivbWAPQ0KnDs-3vR7jaQ	There are no disabled people. Only people who have met Chuck Norris.
UJbko6N2SRWjjy_Z-nNQnQ	Jack Kevorkian was a doctor that assisted people in ending their lives voluntarily. His methods were criticized by many. Truth is, he told his patients to close their eyes and he would hold a picture of a Chuck Norris round house kick to their face and have them open their eyes. Indeed they died instantly from the shock and breaking their own necks in fear. When Chuck Norris found out, he round house kicked Kevorkian for copyright infringement.
QF8V897vTUS_p-JNOaFs4A	Chuck Norris can rap over 700 syllables a minute
oqSGS8T3TdmGEePHrdpohA	Chuck Norris filmed the making of the first camera.
y07gjCzhRvm48EOi0gdw5A	Chuck Norris was never born; he just decided to exist.
_tIdfTO3QxCuazpQYiVNYQ	Chuck Norris doesn't love Raymond.
JiMoo9CcS4OmmLMxBmuv7A	Every Easter, Chuck Norris like to celebrate by using his powers as a necromancer to resurrect Jesus Christ, then immediately roundhouse kick him to death again.
AOHw7jMuQoyhHmO0VowSgg	When Chuck Norris has an erection lasting more than 4 hours he doesn't call your doctor, he calls your mother.
jlY1MEIWRjmn5-FMvF2ijw	Chuck Norris entered the dragon from behind
ZQ97i54UQKWnuERwm4KBBw	After Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked Theresa Caputo, the Long Island Medium in the face for being a fake, she really was able to communicate with the dearly departed...posthumously.
KE2w5_akR9CLCU7igYrHKQ	Two Mary Kay salesmen knocked on Chuck Norris' door. They introduced themselves as Ben Dover & Phil McCrakin. They are no longer in business together.
h4vERGc-Rj6cSZTYfZVkZA	Chuck Norris masturbates with a handful of gunpowder.
JkvDLDWeQC2i_80Csh7nBg	Chuck Norris is the only man who can kick the shit OUT of you, then back in.
HYIY4iH3Sei223MXW42cfg	Most people wear Superman pajamas. Superman wears Chuck Norris pajamas.
5q2JdfYmRJ-GVbp07MRfRg	Learning that Santa isn't real doesn't make children sad, it's the fact that Chuck Norris is
a5MKLZYKS3ePoggSd2YmTw	Cleanliness is next to godliness... and of course, godliness is nowhere near Chuck Norris-ness.
ef22rhXCTV231e4GY5BJdA	The reason babies cry when they are born is because Chuck Norris isn't there daddy.
hY3_BS_YQ_aXOBf3IP0UjQ	Chuck Norris onced built a 4 story condo using only a loaf of bread, shoe string, and silly putty.
MQ1bTUt6RBCKOidCWl3FjQ	Chuck Norris created Pluto by staring at Neptune
CW5qzKUWTZiG_MclbizeBw	Whatever goes up must come down... Unless Chuck Norris tells it not to.
vJAUptL2SMC9HZzEzSa65Q	While playing his 1982 vintage Atari Asteroids game, Chuck Norris discovered & unlocked 3 easter eggs revealing a new multi-weapon pointer, the original Doom beta and the GPS coordinates for The Lost Ark of the Covenant.
gEvssKtQQM-KYiVm8uy9Qw	Yesterday Chuck Norris went skydiving and his parachute didn't open. He returned the faulty parachute today and got a full refund on it.
tbsHXC5tSASwkJtFtF1b1g	Chuck Norris Can See Thunder.
xMUTjH93TyWHGR6MVf_vpA	Chuck Norris knows where it's at. It's at his house.
MGgXlBSTTr6vaBMGA_ZxSA	Chuck Norris can pilot Evangelion Units 00-02 similtaneously.
28kPN2PRTZGLPaptJg-cog	Chuck Norris did not invent the chambers grip, I, Joseph Chambers Molden invented the Chambers !!!!!! jacksons gay!
hwWvAN-JQW6Zbndbn6FANg	To be the person who Chuck Norris is right now, he never learned from his failures because he never commits failure but success.
nQuAts59Sz6Ph4_SiCBGvA	*Eminem meets Chuck Norris* Eminem: I'm not afraid of you. Chuck Norris: I love the way you lie.
A8ldyZvLR-2g9Zpa3ixrSA	What is black, white and red all over? Chuck Norris roundhose kicked an actor in a black and white old movie.
AGcoEeS9TwOp52pXruIygw	GOD created the world in 6 days, what did he do on his rest day? HE CREATED CHUCK NORRIS
MyDCq8CRQKS8SptKdWQJpQ	Chuck Norris is by far the most violent member of the Wu-Tang Clan.
1HhegXNZSXG1FKt9PHOASw	Chuck Norris can go to closed stores
YQNOHcMIR5yn-8Ui6veM0A	Chuck Norris stapled two liquids together
E3ldYgtqQbqP4gqvr1uxsw	The local name for Mt. Everest means "Mountain almost as large as the manhood of Chuck Norris."
ZvvlivLHQACPnsCY-hu3aQ	You know why they made super Mario, because Chuck Norris was chasing Mario.
-Ll_ik7mSuyvG_AUT4uaXQ	Chuck Norris can beat up Hugh Wackman.
sDbwgQloQQixrNO9fhrpUg	Chuck Norris once won a drag race with a bulldozer.
TGFYYh2hTiazBHV02yLlrQ	'Hakuna Matata' is actually Swahili for 'all hail Chuck Norris'.
d_p1Bkf0QNCSwJKqGrwGoQ	Punxsutawney Phil saw Chuck Norris' shadow and instantly died. Therefore there will be 20 more weeks of winter.
XzqcWnrYQbu4JggkIj-WZQ	Chuck Norris can bend irony into balloon-animal shapes.
PW9babV5QQq6os_Nvx9IfQ	Osama Bin Laden is Chuck Norris's bitch
trqSOTLURwWq4CPkJfjHbw	Hitler didn't shoot himself he shot at Chuck Norris.
IF9o_fPdRoqaZ4mc7kIUbw	Chuck Norris once urinated in a semi truck's gas tank as a joke. That truck Is now known as Optimus Prime.
My7_OVwWRMy0lXI2hf1C6w	Chuck Norris plays Rusiian rulette with full barrels, and he always wins.
8zar5rcfTACz_67SG_zArg	Chuck Norris can in fact buy love. But he prefers to spend his cash on beer and ammunition.
5liq3gfjRQag_9Lq2GCY6w	Chuck Norris made up these jokes because he wants the public to be informed.
pXXieav0St-fZSazaW9vvA	Chuck Norris' rage boils at room temperature.
cio8gifETvmYNgMY6a6H8A	Chuck Norris turned down the lead role in Shakespeare's Hamlet, citing foul language.
K5Lp7_DCRziL-Wrr6022dQ	A groundhog never sees its shadow. It is the shadow of Chuck Norris. You know the rest.
k5rlDmbzSo-2MNDRupSQVQ	Chuck Norris has his Budweiser shaken, not stirred.
dHEMmAtTQfya36jMyy70lg	When life gives Chuck Norris lemons, he makes lemonade...and then goes to sunbathe on the beach.
YfZerqIQTBe_t0g8Iitt5g	Chuck Norris wrote & owns copyrights of the song, "Happy Birthday"
FMINGt4sTa-vmotA_Byk0w	Chuck Norris won the Texas state lottery by turning in a bingo card.
uRxbNrPrQyahdB10YtRvVA	Chuck Norris roundhouse-kicked the nose off of the Sphinx.
V47v_hC9QReTXRtfDzhPfA	Chuck Norris' favorite yoghurt flavor is beef jerky.
IqeVezb6TcGUXFGDDoUVeg	Chuck Norris doesn't get drunk. He simply lowers his IQ to yours.
AC4eKCkKRZ-2fjS2JLdkJA	if Chuck Norris wanted to recycle, he would recycle your face.
JgSv8y_9So6DMQK2uAKbaA	You know why Chuck Norris-movies suck? Because the movies are nervous about Chuck Norris in 'em.
Kr5SIn6qQGqaU2xit06KcQ	Chuck Norris got bit by a cobra after 7 days of intense suffering the cobra died.
GwIpQ1gyQRioaUirV3-Hqw	Stand 1 inch from Chuck Norris face-to-face, and he can still kick u in the top of the head!
WQ2op4vvQamZd71J-WGXCA	it's easier to fight the death than to fight Chuck Norris
2OV7FdbfRBW_RlikjcRokw	Chuck Norris once round-house kicked a man in a call centre. Over the phone.
5xvm-ye0t9awb7xfgntxdq	Contrary to popular belief, there is indeed enough Chuck Norris to go around.
BwMFn3FCQQaCSw0uEKkWLw	Obama is Chuck Norris's personal bitch, and makes him wipe his ass, with Obama's own money.
bOUWlirySziJGGWqGjFndA	Chuck Norris once played truth or dare there where no survivors. no one dares Chuck Norris and no one asks Chuck Norris to tell the truth.
0NhuJI5tQgO-nJ3Fdn9Z5A	Chuck Norris fathered two illegitimate children. Now grown up, we know them as the Hulk and Superman, and together they are half as powerful as their father.
u-HfClelRpC1Q9EmrOuEkA	When Chuck Norris gives you the finger, he's telling you how many seconds you have to live.
zZQvpjk6TAi46HkarLFInA	Chuck Norris killed godzilla in his dream
agMVNW5GT1eUoprtceQmxQ	Chuck Norris sees his reflection in a window.
5AJRynf8S9Sd-bbwnEYEYA	All professional sports teams pay Chuck Norris Not to play--saves money on body bags and funeral arrangements.
rMQ2azTRToyx3KB4h5aLNQ	Chuck Norris went to the bottom of the bottomless pit, he was so pissed there was a bottom, he roundhouse kicked it and now it truly is bottomless
QB6bONNzQa6ICbpCQjkbNA	Bears have to put up "Don't feed Chuck Norris" signs.
WrRWYZGRQrik9_aPy8iyMw	Chuck norris ate a 72lb steak in 60 minutes  He spent the firs 55 fucking the waitress
pvfBgfZBTiKhJUwYMuedtg	Chuck Norris once lapped his opponent, in a drag race.
-qY1BvEMQkKjMuYE8Va3og	Chuck Norris once got an A+ for eating his essay and calling his 7th Grade teacher a pussy.
YS53dMJXTpax3UxUeoDlyg	Jean-Claude Van Damme once attempted to throw a Chuck Norris Roundhouse Kick. He was immediately arrested for fraud.
eSMKOpX-SMKc1imLH0ukow	Chuck Norris' roundhouse kick is an illusion. His right foot doesn't kick you. His left foot spins the Earth so that your head hits his foot.
2Llb5iCQQ5CKUseoIPsQNQ	When you are in a dire situation, just think to yourself "What would Chuck Norris do?" Needless to say, you then give up, because you cant do what Chuck Norris does.
IIMG6ip3SgCwG3r2NjxRuA	Chuck norris doesn't need a gun he uses his farts to blow a hole in you
mM2vcjY7TTGV1RUJFsiYJQ	Chuck Norris has proven that not everything is bigger in Texas. Don't ask how.
UvXZhrMKRVGLDfEg1_jRpA	Chuck Norris occasionally suffers from insomnia. When this happens, Chuck simply knocks himself out.
qqthrspvtqyigfwvaui2eq	Chuck Norris sleeps with a pillow under his gun.
efodhtynTg2KL1g93LIPqQ	Chuck Norris built the house he was born in.
jaHkV8rASP2SdzOg33skCA	Chuck Norris's round house kick isn't nearly as bad when he stares you down and you burst into flames and burn to death.
s71hNas_QsWbSrn2akdf8w	Unfortunately Chuck Norris isn't doing the voting on these terrible jokes. You guys are. A guy say "chuck Norris favorite color is red, cause he sees a lot of blood!"Haha. That one gets 50 thumbs up from you guys. No joke its on there. Really? Wow
dM3CQpc5RyW2gsXTzsE0eg	Chuck Norris sees you when you're sleeping, he knows when you're awake, he knows if you've been bad or good... but will kill you on sight either way.
SkOoG1dcQISid25_8jE-9w	The Original Name of the Movie was Alien vs Chuck Norris. The producers found this to be a bit of an unfair fight, and knowing that they wanted a sequal, they substitued Predator for Chuck Norris. Many lives were saved.
j5dzPvvcSNeh5F_Xb8CrFg	Chuck Norris' cellphone number is: 1
6VxBSSgUTyKVy8hlPut3uw	The Beatles sang about living in a yellow submarine. That's because they wanted to get away from Chuck Norris.
sRLSnf0eSjWc_gRZbSW96Q	Chuck Norris invented the question mark.
aJr1BEcyTii00FAumguJgw	Contrary to popular belief, the first Thanksgiving was actually celebrated in 34,587 B.C. after an ancestor of Chuck Norris stabbed to death a Teradactyl that was attacking Fred Flintstone.
6OEH-bJZR_-thAwMn8irTQ	Jesus could walk on water...Chuck Norris can swim on land.
oqdLXMAFTCiLLNvsCSP0uw	wen bruce gets mad he turns into the hulk, wen hulk gets mad he turns into Chuck Norris, wen Chuck Norris gets mad "RUN!!!!!!!"
67rz0jeSQduyzR65p9RDqw	If you were asked to guess how many jellybeans were in a gallon jar as compared to how many of Chuck Norris' testicles would fill a gallon jar and guessed over one, you would be wrong.
2cUqw0rOTcSCi2qbKTN6fQ	Chuck Norris is capable of swollowing gold bars whole while his anal sphincter is striking off a series of $20 double eagle gold coins.
HHyCni9HQqihMSjWzyc8iQ	The first man to be kicked in the groin by Chuck Norris coined the term "pisshell," just before he cried to death.
jSO2ckHlS9WuibSd0Sob_g	in soviet russia, Chuck Norris still kicks but!
pO2fOxLARZar8I1ZBytkSQ	Chuck Norris was originally cast for the main character in the hit series 24. The directors had to cut him because he killed all of the worlds terrorist in 12 minutes and&#65279; 37 seconds.
1IcYicBPRhqM5-AXUbR9wg	Antarctica was made by sand everywhere.Then Chuck Norris used a flamethrower to turn it into ice. Finally it got so cold that it started snowing. And its also how winter was made.
IRRfVqVuTU-aqpvqRPPfRA	Chuck Norris can write the entire Declaration of Independence on his penis...with a paint roller.
ulRqrt4DQ8a21oIKr4VZrw	When Chuck Norris gives you an Indian burn, consult your nearest skin graft specialist immediately.
ywNEJPAlRy-01umKKGXstg	Chuck Norris can mash a potato in one blow, with a skewer.
GvoQYXFdRB-WbYvmuG0mdw	If you accidentally sit in Chuck Norris' seat at the opera, expect to have a clarinet jammed up your ass by intermission.
CYWlnLKCTf6TZbu9T3ZWXw	Some people show off by ripping phone books in half. Chuck Norris can rip them back into one piece.
3AT6arrdRAmn8215UgDDKQ	When Chuck Norris goes swimming sharks hear scary music.
QlHxVQPWSHastoLQTkpSYA	A school decided to motivate its students by putting up "Chuck Norris is Watching You" posters around the building.  Within 2 months, discipline problems fell to zero and test scores went up 300%.
nl7wJ4kaSHqjLxo1tm5GmA	When Chuck Norris breaks wind, it stays broken.
l7U9EO5rTlyvCc9WIJALtw	Chuck Norris is so money he's accepted at all highstreet retailers.
-Pe9EUcUR26eBKkxrUJsBw	Chuck Norris was on safari in Africa when his rifle jammed. He still took his trophy lion by chasing it down and choking it out with his bare hands.
WYU0RqOJQJK0IrPzC-PCYA	Chuck Norris once ejaculated for forty-five minutes straight.
iSZR_ZTcSCS5SDzE2Q16Qw	When Mark Zuckerberg invented facebook he had a friend request from Chuck Norris.
ku1mmFM-RbWMRAlk_1b3oA	an acorn planted in a pile of Chuck Norris shit will grow into an oak tree overnight
-rqmwOrWQpuiCqyhR07jaQ	Chuck Norris converted Bermuda triangle into Bermuda pants.
SXfN-bQUR4m5D2RbzTRVdg	Bruce Lee didn't actually kill Chuck Norris, Chuck Norris was just bored of fighting so he took a nap
pCeNNP55S2OrwC2xv9KZYw	Hitler got raped because Chuck Norris raped him.
fBLPQpy_T-G87tOgnIHbDQ	Chuck Norris owns several very successful funeral homes. The reason why is debatable.
yk-jfmgetniu0dwr3qqcgg	Chuck Norris doesn't do Burn Down charts, he does Smack Down charts.
AId2yQsCTEK0sc8bYBrEiQ	If Chuck Norris kicked your ass, then went back in time and kicked your ass again, did he ever kick your ass in the first place?
AN7_hBUjSW-Fnbn-28jaVQ	When Chuck Norris wants cookies, he crashes open a computer.
-drIl9QYROSViR10iQiK8g	Superman has x-ray vision but can't see through lead walls. Chuck Norris can't see through lead walls either, but he can see over & around lead walls because he has periscope vision.
Tv8HGIlHSRGYBmt6J9e8Cw	When Chuck Norris was younger, he wore cowboy boots, had a red beard and could deliver a fatal roundhouse kick. Knowing this one could imply that Chuck Norris has always been awesome.
q4kNgA2wQyWKnDj8TVddSQ	Simon & Garfunkel wrote the lyric 'Hello darkness, my old friend' about the end of several thousand men who saw a Chuck Norris testicle decending to crush their head.
Kra1fJFZQuWaFEPpn3d5jw	Chuck Norris' tears cure cancer. Too bad he never cries.
N0uW_1dFRnKFpLNHAp73_Q	The Fifty Shades of Grey trilogy is loosely based on Chuck Norris' prepubescent days.
5jr8uq-otayaxxewjjwplq	When an episode of Walker Texas Ranger was aired in France, the French surrendered to Chuck Norris just to be on the safe side.
OIn18kKaQ-qdWM8Lv7eILw	Christmas special: Chuck Norris gets infinity presents. Lucky him.
hUgUhPNYSXa_sYt6NKxpgQ	Yeah if anyone messes with will weston or ma bro gary i will kick their ass n shit on their graves and kill their children and shit on their childrens graves, also i think mc gr33n3ys rhymes are badass n Chuck Norris is a douchebag peace out from the nevilles :)
whKfM1q2RLKrn9WRLi9OlA	Chuck Norris has a hippieskin rug in his living room.
zvXuJlmuS6iO_P7h4a31pQ	Chuck Norris is the one who shot the deputy.
7a_OY40eSjmjaVmSLD_Fsw	Thunder is just another result of Chuck Norris sneezing.
srA9fOo7Tjy0aKSWSa1BuQ	In high school, Chuck Norris struck out 27 batters using only 15 pitches.
kdmcrH6PRmq_syCaOxEZMw	Chuck Norris was originally cast to play the Terminator. However, the directors realized that if Chuck Norris was the Terminator, there would be no human resistence.
BPJ5A7DIRN6XYoax2Uz9Aw	A pair of Chuck Norris' jeans was recently put up for auction. The leg reflexively kicked three appraisers.
KqN1saMVRNutSewsBsxj1g	Chuck Norris' roundhouse kick cures the common cold. its to bad nobody has ever survived one of his kicks before.
LK83oMiERsaBVVvXXE6JWA	Chuck Norris wasn't born, he just got tired of wearing his mother.
WXncrBu_SyqVtOj9HE1-KA	The reason Rush Limbaugh got addicted to OxyContin pain pills is because he tried to beat the hell out of Chuck Norris' boots with his face.
wboYSR-YSxS_v6YtJ5mAjg	Chuck Norris said "Go fuck yourself" and you did...
K64oRq5dSv2_Op5q6cfGnw	Facebook was originally Chuck Norris's personal webpage of pictures of the people he has roundhouse kicked in face.It filled up with so many people it leaked onto the internet.
LDEy1nGvTVCJdiuA4nAYPw	Kids wear Super Man pajamas, but Super Man wears Chuck Norris pajamas
z6I0ssSuQ7awlIWoxDS3ag	Chuck Norris is the only person on earth that can look dignified riding a Segway.
N1IQlRe3QHWafuO4j0Diyw	Shit got the Chuck Norris scared out of it..;)
9ggcg0CFQpKg-FmaE5LD4w	Chuck Norris's real father is Jack Churchill.
sJXTviVLStCMFWM1CWVYXQ	Chuck norris makes onions cry
MSWh1nSpRsKXrggBsXZldQ	Chuck Norris can tell you how to get to Sesame Street
ICbUzC5gSEGKfOXSWnvncg	Chuck Norris ejaculates hot mercury
JuxSdHlJTISrLvcwiIQ_oQ	Chuck Norris is the world's only hetro sapien
1HvBt1NCTgi5yThHwJ0bKw	If light is the fastest traveling element known, then Chuck Norris is not an element
KDyTy_qVT1mnwjJDPFin6Q	Chuck Norris can eat his own head and still have room for dessert
hyQV9kHDSN61rRIsYwSr4Q	Chuck Norris punched Barack Obama in the face. And fucked Michelle.
kfMY5BxoQSGlzYLnoAE1Ng	The upcoming Blade Runner: Definitive Edition has a newly-restored voice-over narration by Chuck Norris
grihcfg8TcaEzBSF7w6gSQ	Chuck norris briefly lost his erection the other day, the destruction in chile was devastating
YbOnk3uUQXO2XrSUAjVcLw	Chuck norris knows wat sign language sounds like.
UH-5pRDrT_a35IHHMRDGRw	When life gives Chuck Norris lemons, he makes lemonade, and then goes to sunbathe on the beach.
2Wks5RM5TcuUtWMUGvT_YA	Chuck Norris won the Thanksgiving Day Giant Pumpkin contest by weighing in only one of his testicles.
-9tAUTg8Ql-vEb4EhWBHVw	Chuck Norris rolled into a small Amish community in his Cadillac, and promptly introduced them to the pleasures of binge drinking, gambling, casual violence, sodomy, satanic death metal, porn and KFC.
t4Sfik8ySN63s-_-VOi-xw	Chuck Norris is the best thing since sliced bread, which of course, was invented by by Chuck Norris.
i16U4C9ISwKSsFz3Pwpb6Q	Chuck Norris got expelled from school when he was 6. He took Scooby, his pet Wolverine for show and tell.
YdFx7-qTQ_eYl2QDukhu-w	I kicked Chuck Norris'sjrago irjft awoe rfa;e jh;ao werjfa olhergaklashfg eo ifuy porhg z;irgf;salirhg
kmcRwmSjR3Olxay7YlOgIA	Ghost sit around the campfire and tell Chuck Norris stories
t05rcwc4q6mjhx9zuin2qq	The US did not boycott the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow due to political reasons: Chuck Norris killed the entire US team with a single round-house kick during TaeKwonDo practice.
Ur9EP333SU6hPD83jwHzZw	Chuck Norris' underwear can turn a clothes dryer inside out.
xoYjswfARfCH4QGRxmwIIw	Contrary to popular belief Chuck Norris shaves too - his pubic hair.
6vUvusBeSVqdsU9C5-ZJZw	Chuck Norris once choked a wildcat to death with his sphincter muscle.
jmlfAG8SSJuq0EoPojL71A	Chuck Norris wasn't born in a hospital. He made himself.
KAt7qM6CTkOwJBzcoE19bw	every time you say: "Chuck Norris"... Chuck Norris says you
29mUQUPYRG2AjohjN33ysw	C'mon Chuck Norris isn't that great... if he was truly that amazing he would come over and slam my head into the key EAOJ;BGWoenbsKFDPONBqegkbs dlvjbasvaxfl;bxs spkadgo;kjsfbvklndsfalkmbnasdflkgbsadg;lkbsafd;lkgbsad;glknb ;sldg
ex2YBZITRL6QI3_tVTIk7Q	Chuck Norris loves fucking with the space-time continuum.
Cegiwyt9TKKC5ii9VNHS5w	The Mona Lisa didn't smile before Chuck Norris spent a night in the Louvre.
RyKhhkLCSemv2kAKInSyKg	Chuck Norris once commented, "There are few problems in this world that cannot be solved by a swift roundhouse kick to the face. In fact, there are none."
MNV6pEQ9Q3CVG9G2EWbc_Q	Chuck Norris knows what you did last winter.
LmDiUYrLRmWERMIyqPIHSA	Chuck Norris uses two 11 yr old kids and a scarf as his nunchucks.
16kyPwJIQQ-cQBerewW_0w	With Chuck Norris, fear calls 911.
vNNQhxjRQyaq0bIzmCBcWQ	once Chuck Norris had a choice between wireless or road runner so instead he went for the Chuck Norris internet
eYmwHJHyTxC5QO6fXzddDA	Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked Neo out of Zion, now Neo is "The Two"
j0u5H9qGT4auOsrl_YeZCQ	Chuck Norris is the inventor of the drive-by threesome.
dzsV9TzMTnCbckmmbzNJyA	When nature calls Chuck Norris hangs up
O6P_0XZAS1q7_YYtfqkjEA	Chuck Norris' feminine side is more manly than the manliest man's manly side.
wpd3HgsAQACmQ2McyDAXlg	CHUCK NORRIS CHUCKS UPCHUCK
Nf2U70M3TO6lYUg8yJzgdg	Every record in the Guiness Book of World Records was set by Chuck Norris under an assumed name
cPenXnK6QrWmpVzTSs-AmQ	All steroids are derived from Chuck Norris DNA.
2b-cx_sQT_yy3LlU7s71og	Chuck Norris can make a virgin go ass-to-mouth on a first date.
UFZv9H-FSAiXfNUWL_SBEA	Chuck Norris can do blastbeats on a grand piano.
TFyCU4flRXWGCUlebow7BA	Chuck Norris accidentally took down the internet by closing his browser.
2TTbnyr2QIi8uprr4TtuNw	Chuck Norris ripped off an horrendous fart while lighting a cigar in the smoking lounge of the Hindenburg.
Ug1GuD6RRB20_s7kTtBQAA	When Chuck Norris was created, he destroyed his own mold.
QCLsbNC7ST6lBMwSXz0lVw	Attitudes have a Chuck Norris problem.
GSJpMvHNSaGnrxAQKY_u7w	when Chuck Norris deos push ups he deosnt push hiself he pushes the earth down
hutAMSiKS2SaRt0EmFS2gg	Chuck Norris knows all the words in the dictionary, except the word "Mercy".
oA0jhB6KTOaczQhxtK7zxA	The Chuck Norris family distillery in Waco, TX produces a smooth sipping whiskey that is 134% alcohol and appropriately labeled NorrisShine.
a1whrz_crhgykfuah1mrmw	Chuck Norris doesn't need sudo, he just types "Chuck Norris" before his commands.
pZh8W9vWTSKY7kkwCg_edg	Chuck Norris became the first man to fly two jumbo jets using only the heels of his boots. He performed this terrifying stunt without the merest drop of perspiration registering on his granite features.
vtFuCdUHQMOoRvYZ46t-4g	The United Nations has known for many years that Chuck Norris contains weapons of mass destruction, but NOBODY enters Chuck Norris!
iufv27uLSSC-4LtaeqGZ0Q	Chuck Norris found the i in team, them promptly gouged it out.
IGjbpaj4Q-20tuT5qodzNA	The historical earthquakes in Japan were caused by Chuck Norris digging up what we know as the Mariana Trench.
KlcMPO6eQ5qIsFNwx5KqjQ	Chuck Norris is considered a sensitive, new-age guy... who just happens to own four gatling guns
mjcP2K4RQ9WF_A2eA-RMuw	Chuck Norris puts the FUN in funeral
kEVJPxLiRyCqFRcHUK_m0g	CHUCK NORRIS COULD BEAT UP WILL MCCULLOUGH WITH IIF HE WAS HELLEN KELLER.
G9xf1cllRpGf5IhEsmy5Mw	Atomic fusion is so powerful, it could power the U.S. for a day. Chuck Norris' roundhouse kick can power the Earth for 1,000 years.
spx_oc8arweh01bkqqosea	Chuck Norris is the only man to ever defeat a brick wall in a game of tennis.
H0BdtQh-QUOIEk5JibvBxQ	All is fair in love and war................ Except when Chuck Norris breaks out the grenades
wlHoTOnUQee-wxvBaqc2tg	Wheaties are actually flash dried Chuck Norris boogers.
X7FD2FaBQjW48BSfCsK9dA	The universe was created from Chuck Norris' saliva that came out of his mouth when he sneezed.
WhjTkTXkTu6m_-ZTAW_9yQ	Chuck Norris once farted in his sleep loud enough to awaken a sleeping volcano. Maui was then formed.
N0cKiGslS-6FzSjBQg-XLA	Chuck Norris knows how old Blink 182 is.
XB5QjxYMQoKRaXC_S-jdiQ	When Chuck Norris was born people called him Chucky
4Bxi-E-MQESLu-yQuZD2-g	The movie 'Anacondas' was filmed in chuck Norris' pants
F7-BAalaQvezJS2vg6JQGA	After he was born, Chuck Norris immediately ate his own placenta.
NV07fht4RKGPDah5QwQabw	The things that go bump in the night? Chuck Norris.
nVeolCAvQ0qH7E4eSrigoA	Chuck Norris was recently asked what he thought of Nancy Pelosi? Chuck said he thinks Nancy Pelosi is uglier than a bucket of buttholes. There were no further questions.
pDTH_sw_Rf-qjtZqFSFh4A	Chuck Norris' earwax is used by the U.S. Airforce as the radar deflecting final polish on the B-2 Spirit stealth bombers.
gRQE7hmrTOWKBOLjaMyY2A	Chuck Norris was supposed to star in the TV show 'Man vs Wild', but the network did not want kids thinking 'lava is safe to eat'.
0Uj9Nj_FQs6KpWWugxjdcA	If Chuck Norris only had one leg, it would be called Hopper: Texas Ranger.
eTO58d-aTo-UyiS0YG4Frg	Chuck Norris once killed a rabbit with a piece of paper
qyiEeNq7QXWc2ODugw1gFw	Chuck Norris can watch videos on Instagram!
rBaSlj33TuuRTuOij66fDg	Chuck Norris puts the "fun" in funeral, the "laughter" in slaughter, the "harm" in charm, the "ass" in passion, the "gas" in orgasm, the "man" in woman, the "fucker" in motherfucker, the "ow" in power, the "pain" in Spain, the "eat" in death, the "aids" in maids, "the "hiv" in shiv, the "he" in the, and the "giant cock" in your mom's ass.
Q3kJTp2LSNOenAdxdN6Oyg	Chuck Norris once peed in a semi trucks gas tank as a joke.. the semi is now known as Optimus Prime.
7tb4dwgvrwkaqg-a-wzhlq	Chuck Norris shot the sheriff, but he round house kicked the deputy.
zGg1Q6urQTyqIJkpEUUWqw	Chuck Norris can roll a stone and make it gather moss
_m36F55rRaKSpfwxwfJU9g	Chuck Norris' penis can bench over 250.
DhPffd4dRx-94cBRvXkyQg	If you look into Chuck Norris' eyes for a few seconds, you will feel a little pee coming out.
99lGv1bgQouqTlR5zYZWDQ	everyone hideson Chuck Norris's birthday even god
lhvaayS0R7i6YTHx6OvVRw	Chuck norris can change the truth  #A_Reason_to_laugh
xS38bYJfQz-2FelzvooYcA	"Welcome to the jungle" starts playing out of nowhere whenever a dr starts giving Chuck Norris a colonoscopy
Gjda8KliQPeisGYoZ7fcDg	Those who play chess with Chuck Norris don't "play" chess, they gamble with their lives.
ikyQ4_hzTtm5-N6ZXow1Fw	Chuck norris is a nightmare on freddie kruegers street
pPWIVkvdSyK3QSkANhvkwg	Chuck Norris isn't hung like a horse, a horse is hung like Chuck Norris. And Chuck Norris's horse is hung like a blue whale.
ZYjOeEY_SbalOv5bmGAapQ	Chuck Norris' first car was a Caterpillar D9.
y7fqcexrqacgeci33_d8ua	In an average living room there are 1,242 objects Chuck Norris could use to kill you, including the room itself.
Nqd04jvNQ7-x7P8_ExGeYw	Chuck Norris always have butterflies in his stomach because he eats butterflies for breakfast
N5U07p8TQn2SDv4QPcl3WA	Chuck Norris declared checkmate against the 2012 chess champion Viswanathan Anand in under 4 moves. Using only the boot from monopoly.
5uFUqeDUTHCwX7Y_CKohuw	A wise boy once told his girlfriend " I will love you for as long as Chuck Norris is alive"
CvhJIYHkQ9aq2b8QOVLaFg	The easiset way for Chuck Norris to attract women is to turn up.
g1QtQK6WSHuZO_Ts-nJhqg	Every seven seconds, somewhere in the world, Chuck Norris kills someone.
XQU1blfgTBS6UOS5K6XVog	Schrodinger's Cat is not simultaneously dead and alive. Schrodinger's Cat is dead OR alive dependent on whether E=CN.(Chuck Norris)
WmZRR5VFSieKhf2I4KYEHA	Chuck Norris can destroy an entire office block with a single pelvic thrust.
BVdnEt3aSrmVKDOPYFV59w	Chuck Norris is so tough he scares the shit out of toilet paper.
2jifSfpaRmSiAlnu_DyaEg	Chuck Norris killed a tiger. Now, Rocky Balboa is the eye of Chuck Norris.
R482HkRjRyCcCeuqmtpzSg	one nice day i read about Chuck Norris , that was the day wen life ended as i knew it  P.S. I love Chuck Norris
sk1zdVY4Q0WNchGXiTcGlw	Chuck Norris possesses a commanding, cool-eyed stare that can make panties spontaneously combust.
5asUarVxS_WiOB-At8h4Ng	the pills from "Limitless" was made from Chuck Norris' shit.
nFJqJ3zGQSqH8pv4ZtE9yA	Chuck Norris taught lions and tigers how to chase down, kill and eat their prey. However, despite his best efforts on proper carnivorous table fare etiquette, they continue to start lavishly eating the assholes and genitals first.
o8wl7xgGRZunU5ekzNlkjQ	Chuck Norris showers with a sand blaster.
Zo_5lM2zQXS7EvZqdRAeHw	Everytime Chuck Norris lands on a property in a game of monopoly he gets paid
x4Q9VJYTRYOricJf5PeY7Q	Chuck Norris has a Predator-style triple laser sight on his penis.
6CHAWSMlT6uBoXH-rHNcsA	The U.S. Constitution's ban on cruel and unusual punishment specifically exempts Chuck Norris.
SVDmg6M5RQekrwS_1rGRXA	Chuck Norris owns a squad of Oompa Loompas
fdwytur3tpgz48-mdd1amg	The original title for Star Wars was "Skywalker: Texas Ranger". Starring Chuck Norris.
1avXhYNxTQCrkfkKxRUhPg	When Chuck Norris heard about Child Abuse, he made Aduld Abuse.
pEaWa0MXQtmYgSewFYK3Iw	A Chuck Norris stare can literally burn holes through you.
UUoVtYufRLefSxNPacrNww	When Chuck Norris buys a house, the realtor pays Chuck a commission.
nRvESXZJREC3PsE70o8w2A	Horses are hung like Chuck Norris
3lGbCavZQHG2y4KHqZmSKA	When Chuck Norris farts, it sounds like the theme to NCIS.
8-u17JCHTgq4DSXZfRJvZA	Chuck Norris won the game.
EJkEFS46QVuU2RKkIC1Ibw	Here is a short list of things Chuck Norris can't do: Die
E1LWhaBuRCWjNr-O-KMbTw	After meeting with Chuck Norris, iron man was referred to as the tin man!
pAslW_RvTQCfRFKCaIbhlg	In the beginning, Chuck Norris was the Fist, and the Fist was Norris. Chuck Norris saw that this was good. Chuck Norris then said then "let there be Pain from the fist", and then there was Pain....He saw that this was good.
yE-W4WRSRt6I2SqmS7YvyA	Chuck Norris shot tupac and biggie.
xAKQ4jaQT7i_Br4Eq1nLVQ	Chuck Norris gave Santa Claus a present on December 25, 2012. The present turned out to be a small box that contained 100% exact, invincible, and miniature clones of everything that ever existed and will exist. Well, the clone of Chuck Norris wasn't accurate, as its roundhouse kick could not kill anything stronger than an African elephant due to how small it was, but that was the only exception.
TnvC7G19RdyajB_761eqfw	What do you call a woman who hasn't slept with Chuck Norris? A Lesbian.
YyJgQxHkTXi24GTuo1alIw	Chuck Norris is a supporter of gender equality in the workplace. That's why he makes his female employees work longer hours so they can earn the same as the men.
7SkczdXjRUCqJpT9JptZHQ	Chuck Norris can make a cat land on its back.
0H63MbzbRSm0bNR5vTd-sA	Chuck Norris' penis has two little t-rex arms.
NlaVAnP-Txm4W1hxyrOzuw	Chuck Norris tore Saxton Hale's chest hair off in such a way that... well, look at Saxton hale's chest! Chuck Norris is pretty darn precise.
RCcXjNgpTD-SbKBQRBIM0w	The term 'crack a smile' actually was slang for one of Chuck Norris' signature moves, one he mainly uses for killing smug assholes.The term 'crack a smile' actually was slang for one of Chuck Norris' signature moves, one he mainly uses for killing smug assholes.
ulsiraupTqykbsK70ifGxw	Steve Jobs died because Chuck Norris was pissed that the iPhone 4S wasn't the iPhone 5
oBg7vkMfRzKsbzPNRokgEA	Steven Segal is not a real person. He's just Chuck Norris in disguise.
FjlYyfp0SDuLHNIL4BMqpg	Chuck Norris' wife was hospitalized after she misunderstood when he told her to go to Cox's Department Store to buy him a seersucker suit. Instead, she went to Sears and bought him a cocksucker suit.
mhG0muQbStiZHnJ0TQ4b6A	Chuck Norris is the reason why Mars is red.
zQxnX6UUT8OmvDtPI2-FOg	Chuck Norris gargles ball bearings.
ow1q9mU4QFC2db76ihb69Q	Chuck Norris can "get a grip on yourself".
LkjKsCf3QKGn64IbAMjiRQ	When the Hulk sees Chuck Norris, he turns back into Bruce Banner.
83tXCyE7TV63xDyoGNMDdw	Chuck Norris once had a street named after him, but they had to change the name because nobody crosses chuck Norris and lives
o6KDhhf8SreEl10InaW-WA	Chuck Norris smokes cigars while scuba-diving.
8xDR4vPCSpC7rBG0iEIb8Q	Chuck Norris once had pink eye. It is more commonly known as the black death.
hfrevauks9-hbwc5bf4p2w	Chuck Norris doesn't believe in Germany.
_BKtsX19TUK2nZeqb8AW2g	Last year, Chuck Norris was voted "The Most Valuable Employee" at 27 businesses that he has never worked for.
uCAte-ScSyi39eDTN-YkRQ	The reason were greatful for life is because Chuck Norris lets us lie
MlP1e4owRr-PyO9kIqlAfg	Chuck norris stopped at a stop sign, it turned green. Someone once asked Chuck Norris for advice, he's know dead. Chuck norris saw a man tell his gf "you take my breathe away" he kicked him in the chest and said "wrong" Even chuck Norris shadows is scared of him. Someone thought prank calling Chuck Norris from across the world would keep him save, he kicked him through the phone. When Chuck Norris dies he doesn't go to heaven or hell, he goes to Olympus
Kq-718KES8KylxyS6ZifHw	Chuck Norris didn't like watching Aaron Hernandez play football. So he sent him to prison so he wouldn't have to see him play again.
edMlS0pXSsasaTePmoyotQ	Chuck Norris and the Terminator recently ran into each other. The Terminator asked "what's up, boss"?
0jP3tsRgQO2x3qsLlmJHtA	Slender Man used to be morbidly obese before his Chuck Norris beatdown.
VH2qMKOERY6_v8_pZ_6NhA	After he came home from his trip to Canada, Chuck Norris drove his Humvee around his neighborhood for five months before anybody had the nerve to tell him he had a moose still strapped to the hood.
scGGZEZURZ2cUXhvUfXojA	Chuck Norris Knighted The Queen
_7XhkXYjSSylRZ-oVzqRYQ	Whenever people are holding wooden boards, Chuck Norris breaks them in half. Then he breaks the boards.
2M8O6f1OTROCE0Xjab5pPQ	Chuck Norris recently created a new genre of music, by fusing country music with East Coast gansta rap and Swedish death metal while incorporating elements of Tibetian throat-singing. He calls it Norrisound.
PimWVaFKTDG9bhjnERGKKw	The danger of death sign is not a warning that you will get an electric shock that kills you, its a warning that Chuck Norris Roundhouse kicked somebody there.
5XU6uSYHRs2_qbVTDVlk7Q	Sharon Stone parted her legs for Chuck Norris.
UYHFoTWWSb2MQv3O20mnXg	Chuck Norris was able to defeat Superman because his beard is made of pure kryptonite.
xSL-hFfHQAeERusxPHdLwg	When Chuck Norris gives his song and dance, he sings Bad To The Bone while he dances on your face.
GcLGTsBQQsGz1suOTfEJsA	Chuck Norris wears a boxing glove instead of a condom.
SSsR6MJIRAWE-MZaBkk3ww	Chuck Norris named the Dead Sea. He also swam to the bottom of it.
4bEEYpC7QB2JlvoAJDEnMQ	Fool me once: shame on you. Fool Chuck Norris once: actually, you can't ever fool Chuck, and he'll kill you for even thinking about it.
QgQ6Zk1ETeCMdIPJXM-DUA	If you add Chuck Norris to your friends list, all your other friends will instantly disappear. You don't need them anymore.
W_GUBwsaSuaEHnRv8a6puw	Chuck Norris doesn't need to do anything for a Klondike Bar.
s8yWDFKjTta520xXp88XSA	Chuck Norris invented awesome sauce by drinking hot sauce and spitting it out.
ATzrhwofSIGd9DQa1FIAsg	Chuck Norris invented the hoverboard. But he only uses it as a coffee table.
hHdocOQkQ_C1fKuUvpsDqQ	Chuck Norris' evil twin brother, Richard Simmons, once approached Chuck with the hope of reconciliation, but at the sight of Richard's curly, well kept hair, Chuck Norris became so enraged that he turned green with hate and ripped Richard Simmons arms and legs off. This action was the origin of the Marvel Comic badass, The Incredible Hulk.
pJj2mDDoQaqT2sBYVHWdKQ	Every morning, Chuck Norris gets up and splashes boiling oil in his face to wake him up.
aSmWV8vtQOaKK0PjNVFEow	Chuck Norris can unscramble eggs
p4i2WQVpT7aHelaEksBPJw	A Chuck Norris sighting is considered extremely fortunate - if he did not roundhouse kick you.
bfakF7LBSsO7RBHL2s5Dqw	anyone can pee on the floor ,but only Chuck Norris can shit on the ceiling
LmTtzd7_R2uw2QK6ly4r2Q	Chuck Norris once broke a large anaconda's spine.
WlnBZdi3RJCvid4YaSe-yg	Chuck Norris does not eat Honey, he eats the bees
_aBqTcLoQ02EsC1mGzS_Kw	Chuck Norris was asked if he'd ever been to the Klondike. Chuck said he really didn't have any interest in lesbian Eskimo's.
Ucx7siMoTUqbpbZW6vLhsg	Chuck Norris could drop kick you thru the telephone on an international long distance call, reverse the charges and you would accept them.
poqerqlpqz2en3hacikbjw	Chuck Norris doesn't use reflection, reflection asks politely for his help.
dbOTsXOhQ6CdgyCwjlSolQ	Chuck Norris recently got a prince albert piercing the size of a dumbbell.
85SZOflbTE-xA_GdYmREZQ	Chuck Norris did take someone's eye out with that.
qYKR64gaTy2Sfbr8r1QbOg	Absolute zero has two definitions: 1) The coldest temperature possible. 2) Your chances of survival in a fight with Chuck Norris.
tJRRM6WSRGaER3S4e5PsxQ	Chuck Norris was once court-martialed. He was immediately promoted to five-star admiral.
mhielogcqiog07ca1rof0g	Jesus can walk on water, but Chuck Norris can walk on Jesus.
PoqSM1WFRi-0qccA-Wjl-Q	Chuck Norris can walk on water. With his hands
IpztHDqPQGiCBQOHfVmdTA	Chuck Norris can destroy any aircraft, ship, or motorized vechicle just by yelling "Bang!" at it.
psuAyXIwRmyxtwz2YguQ_A	Chuck Norris can see the Illuminati but the Illuminati can't see Chuck Norris.
Hhrg9zzPR3yrsh2-QaqOXA	Chuck Norris' recent book tour...   1)PORT-AU-PRINCE, HAITI January 12, 2010 2)NORTHERN CALIFORNIA February 04, 2010 3)RYUKYU ISLANDS, JAPAN February 26, 2010 4)MAULE, CHILE February 27, 2010 5)SOUTHERN SUMATRA, INDONESIA March 05, 2010 6)EASTERN TURKEY March 08, 2010   hmmmmmm.
Dew3TnzxR5uv5nQtYNk5HA	When you die, Chuck Norris' life will flash before your eyes.
UMGUtUcDTjOrWCm9UvaIDA	Chuck Norris was the only kid at the beach who could actually catch the seagulls.
3lnAWT0XTGGUOBKGUlUNNQ	Chuck Norris is older than his own dad.
J0-kp6I0QOid6rql8e6Ljw	Peter Parker was bitten by a radioactive spider and became Spider-Man. Clark Kent was bitten by Chuck Norris and became Superman.  So every time Clark Kent wants to become Superman, he just go to the phone booth and beg Chuck Norris to bite him.
5RPgCmTZTC2xfgA6OX3jJg	Chuck Norris isn't afraid of tigers, tigers are afraid of Chuck Norris
C9iCKK0dTj-XHfiPhmZo0Q	Chuck Norris made the dinasaurs extinct
MVZzAkbnT-OZb0U5ytzV9A	Chuck Norris can draw a circle with edges without a pencil.
ao5lia96qeujk0rkfoimdg	Chuck Norris has banned rainbows from the state of North Dakota.
TE4kJMysTpKcMOm4wu5rEw	Meteors are actually people blazing down to Earth after having been roundhouse kicked by Chuck Norris into space for telling bad jokes about him.
X5N6dBUzQ6yHzrB9DojujA	The U.S. Coast Guard has approved recordings of Chuck Norris farts for use on all maritime vessels as the preferred fog horn signal.
QeSOQ3y-THaG0-gxaRmp6Q	Garry Neville beat Chuck Liddell in an arm wrestle. But Chuck Norris beat them both in an arm wrestle. With his wrist .
gN1oCh7EQEK5G-HPn6LdyQ	Chuck Norris can track a bloodhound.
pYwO2mtVR_SWsiWHxgcTXg	Chuck Norris sleeps with anite lite, he is not afraid of the dark, it's afraid of him.
iyigyr-fqi-cxllf6qnpag	Chuck Norris keeps his friends close and his enemies closer. Close enough to drop them with one round house kick to the face.
LsUsvXURT2uUvjMJ7sOyFw	Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked a horse in the face, its descendants are now called the giraffe
S99dqRfRTGK4RuvQMH4Wwg	Wanna know what Bill Murray whispered into Scarlett Johanson's ear at the end of Lost In Translation? "I don't love you, I love Chuck Norris."
O7QcUc6VT1m2XBitJeBmNQ	Chuck Norris is a true conservationist. He always reassembles his exploded grenades for reuse.
SzYr7UaQTgyWNHO1M2uDJw	Chuck Norris is the only man to ever successfully complete Harvard medical school and Harvard law school.....at the same time.
rSElEUexSza0tFnb6Bj5sg	Sinkholes are not caused by water under the earth, they are results of someone questioning Chuck Norris' volleyball spiking ability.
CAsLbpJKTqulIYT_U8rJGA	the reason they found water on mars is because Chuck Norris round house kicked it in the face
SZwCN67WRpCYprC37_PMVg	CHUCK NORRIS CAN CUT THE PERFECT SLICE OF CAKE WITHOUT MESSING A SINGLE CRUMB, USING ONLY A BASEBALL BAT.
c0Z4eKpwSg6xS4WN8NRTYw	On chuck Norris's birthday, he randomly chooses one lucky child to be thrown into the sun
YH_kJv6_TvuSOFkJ9q44gA	Chuck Norris is evil kenivels stunt double
Z-szoBUuTqGaukJJY2y0KA	Only God can judge the whole mankind. Only Chuck Norris can judge God
yGZXAYb9RvO8WaFU5Dp48A	Chuck Norris has been to Mars. That is why there are no signs of life there.
VEU8HRIDTBacRde7cpUcTg	Chuck norris for president
cUd6eYVuQi6blDPTF0Fe9g	Chuck Norris greets everyone by hoisting them over his head.
3au0ehUjRaCEfPAGcpkyYw	Chuck Norris has a .50 BMG Derringer.
IUg3Kjf9Thqd46XCb-TM8g	When Chuck Norris plays Halo 3, he uses only a pistol. He has never lost. EVER.
98zAHGcuSdGKzJ7Emu8O5w	All individuals that have remarkably survived a Chuck Norris attack suffer what in medical terms is called 'optical rectumitis'. That being having their assholes kicked out through their eyesockets
XRg6ljeHSlaXghH1IYulJw	Chuck Norris is the reason Usain Bolt can run so fast.
9yPOBZC5TFav0WvrlJplKw	Chuck Norris is the most venomous thing on earth. After moments of getting bit, you receive the following symptoms: fever, beard rash, tightness of jeans, and the feeling of getting kicked through a car.
1eZSbTjxQ06gi53AlsmZPQ	Chuck Norris recently discovered that if you Build a man a fire, he'll be warm for a day. Set a man on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
i9iVvjWJRWOjX03MJTlEFA	Chuck Norris is gay!
Hb1mfbwtQpWjAs_ltFQtPw	Anatomy and Physiology is now the study of how and why our bodies are ultimately inferior to Chuck Norris'.
8ulKF_mgRnam2FDS5EwMxQ	Chuck Norris can cough in 7 different languages.
Ujx2l4G3T-CYkpr_gKj9Jw	What's the difference between Chuck Norris and Mud ? Mud comes off..
bUhR7HZVTL622wkwThRq4A	God helps those who help themselves. Chuck Norris slaughters lazy assholes by the thousand.
rbKXBO4gSKChGWv7p9J3CQ	Chuck Norris' prostate has eaten dozens of doctor's middle fingers.
knkrI_S-RZ2pPr_TDn8fsg	Chuck Norris keeps a small collapsable guillotine in the trunk of his Hummer.
w1QcOOGdStm9Wz27-AKCIw	Chuck Norris doesn't clip his fingernails... he rips them out with his bare hands and regrows new ones immediately.
PPvGo5KUQ9OjcSX0g4z84A	When Chuck Norris gets a hard-on in his pants it doesnt look like a tipi, it looks like a circus tent.
icDDGZiJQtig61lwSDVcrQ	No one can be sure what Chuck Norris looking at, only that it has 5 seconds left to live
Tjx_M4P5RWCd91BEnkL0Iw	Once Chuck Norris pissed off anger, and that is how happyiess was invented.
vcj9kqsttjqxksyiytv11a	When Chuck Norris falls in water, Chuck Norris doesn't get wet. Water gets Chuck Norris.
5EmkdQBGT0eJNwR-t64HBA	Chuck Norris' answering machine says "I'll be at your house in 4 seconds"
PSxWdbVGS_CjzA2mgmy1wg	Chuck Norris EATS three packs of cigarettes a day.
V3PPdOAvR2-46bNLt77zKQ	Chuck Norris was the Pointing Towel Man in the Ring cursed video tape.
lIRk_stZRH2I1bB1UDUuqQ	When Chuck Norris walks into a bar, he automatically owns all the women inside and instantly has an infinite tab.
pfYYbcJQSGKe9gK5qq5cDw	Chuck Norris is not omniscient because he doesn't know what it's like to be gay.
WP4sjjVtR3ODb11FPpdoew	Chuck Norris kicked Maggie and the Ferocious Beast so hard they woke up in Nowhere Land.
wjoqFX9kSLGGs96bnJs4qw	Chuck Norris can sent packages through email
u20qYWv8QraiRDjcIWE1nw	Bloody Mary is afraid of saying Chuck Norris   three times in the mirror
Dk1WAxA3Ti6BNN3_dNfw9w	The only reason the battle of San Jacinto lasted 18 minutes because chuck Norris was 17 minutes late
Vk2HPYPUTPiRpRxrhtz0nQ	Home is where the heart gets ripped out by Chuck Norris.
Bq5e3--oR2eZl1irhkdFaw	Everybody Loves Raymond, except Chuck Norris.
l4DGX-trT0qZSLp1ZpOlkg	Chuck Norris built a time machine and went back in time to stop the JFK assassination. As Oswald shot, Chuck Norris met all three bullets with his beard, deflecting them. JFK's head exploded out of sheer amazement.
Vjm0wyg8QzK0M31IwGVK6Q	When Chuck norris gave birth to himself god said "O' my chuck!"
V6kxJarVQ0C6UJbu8piAYQ	yea whatever colten you would know Chuck Norris thing looks like wouldnt ya
Zw8319RjSa6LF4pCOdEnTw	Chuck Norris once dug a hole all the way to the moon.
CJX0gAqBRumFKoCGt06QBA	Similar to an Iceberg, only 1/10 of Chuck Norris beard can be seen above the surface.
kLMIxQekSNGRpR5cjKg4_A	Chuck Norris got his girlfriend pregnant in the back seat of a Smart Car.
yTRCK_fwRN-UckiEPKW8Hg	Chuck Norris snorts crushed-up glass.
nY1qtDnRQzSejcVT_hnOwg	Chuck Norris can turn lead into uranium.
5XQ7Aq6yRJeF976LbPNm8g	The Chuck Norris facts game is played out... And we should all stop contributing to this stupid shit! Unless your a dickless gamer that dwells on this Chuck Norris nonsense
Fu7sDvizSSWqG0uau7cefw	Roses are red, Violets are blue, some poems rhyme, Chuck Norris kicked my ass.
izUqUAc4Qo-SDnbDq4shrg	if someone where to shoot you Chuck Norris could come out of nowhere kill you 5 times and kill the guy who shoots for trying to take his kill before the bullets even left the barrel
M_CYPl4jRteLScSmNx3BlQ	Chuck Norris opens his Dos Equis beer bottles with The Most Interesting Man in the World's asshole.
YK46rPxuQHy6mtvNTyT0bw	Chuck Norris never masturbates. He Chucksturbates.
RHLTt_pHSuKi_rAvBr55pg	After Mr. T predicted pain in Rocky III, the studio had to hire a Mr. T look-alike to walk around the set as a safety precaution, because Chuck Norris would be the first to say be careful what you wish for.
hXaK3s8ORM6M7RHUFdNnqQ	In Highschool when Chuck Norris phone rang in class the teachers phone was confiscated
YNvp_kvMRAiTHnhcdFTl0A	Chuck Norris once had a weak moment, just to know what it felt like.
AgeBQblFRLO2Yr58yhtuhA	Chuck Norris is the last moeheican. And the first one.
LE7I1QgnR-yjuu4Q6JnApw	Whenever you knock on wood, that's Chuck Norris' cue to hack an orphan to death.
g45nvm9uq6y3ydgigm3abq	The best-laid plans of mice and men often go awry. Even the worst-laid plans of Chuck Norris come off without a hitch.
pOGlPV77SmKjkhOQxu2siQ	Chuck Norris does not value money. He instead pays for goods and services with the teeth of his enemies.
-dGv8DikSwubVFN0ZkpuYQ	Chuck Norris can inseminate millions of women, just by spanking his monkey!
16n13WDFQZGTISUdC8Ozyw	Chuck Norris can cure PMS with his dick.
5IduT_oHQqOshO_6rm53MQ	In 1983, the Department of Transportation required that Chuck Norris wear a Catalytic convertor over his ass to prevent ozone depletion. It was later determined by the Environmental Protection Agency that it wasn't enough to prevent global warming.
m9lf8ButSDyzBkgUAhtnOg	Chuck Norris' penis has a dorsal fin.
WuNl7kTmQ36Sitlig4p-XA	If Chuck Norris were a country, his two main exports would be pain and death.
l7QlUREJQzOIJVB88DY9jg	Chuck Norris was at the X-games getting ready for competition when he got a message from Paris Hilton saying that she had sent him a friend request on MySpace. An infuriated Chuck Norris logged on to MySpace using his skateboard and rejected the request immediately.
l8x6aWFhTO2ayaP3BJ-bGg	Chuck Norris doesn't need to shower, he dares dirt to touch him...
a55vSwlfRwmyZ1B6adMWjg	Chuck Norris can give water a bath
zL5jH23zQ6mDgrNPG2S9rg	Chuck Norris punched a policeman in the face. The judge later charged the officer with head butting Chuck Norris' fist.
qSd4zRKcQ5C6W2PxBzv2Sw	When it is raining, Chuck Norris is thinking of something sad.
85pOKN6gRJSfJt3DtkiaMw	There are two types of people in the world: those who have been killed by Chuck Norris, and those who will be.
rqk9BuQLSx2ltHgvO7JqSg	Chuck Norris trained his pet mountain lions to nurse baby sheep and later fed them back to the mountain lions thus perpetuating mountain lion existence.
Mr5MErFATPOeXNOBVLeyxA	Chuck Norris can hit a golf ball twice with one swing.
kfjreqvxs464s6rspcj-qq	Chuck Norris once shot down a German fighter plane with his finger. By yelling "Bang!"
vOI81COoQCmqdKoy9DN_tg	Chuck Norris does not walk. The Earth rotates for him out of sheer terror.
wDKBkuHlSvawR6bdKbG78Q	If you knock your drink over at Chuck Norris' house, you will be killed before the drink hits the carpet. Then Norris will catch the glass without spilling a drop anyway.
lH2WlLPvTHW7R9e6lTVaLg	Jesus is the only person in history who was not killed by Chuck Norris; when Chuck Norris kills someone, they stay dead.
ZXoFLiKqRnatnlV7LF_ZFw	Chuck Norris is James Bond's wingman.
6ADZhemVQPeBh_T9RDTvtA	There are no facts about Chuck Norris - only understatements.
JxluMCcJSOChz90m9XTdXg	Chuck Norris had a brief stint as a lumberjack until he almost cut his penis down by mistake
UuaDu58eTPGgB2pq2DNz3Q	BB guns are considered nonlethal weapons...except when in the hands of Chuck Norris.
md-bld8orjsv5mgfsun-xq	Chuck Norris does not eat. Food understands that the only safe haven from Chuck Norris' fists is inside his own body.
_5uSY1M1RtOX81WpfChVSg	Chuck Norris wears boxer shorts made from barbed wire.
qgFyl0c4TNGmhZoG5Wcj_Q	If your teacher gets angry because you put Chuck Norris as an answer in your test, he/she isn't mad because of that answer, your teacher is in fact jealous because you are smarter than him/her.
Cv7k026EQS6QYKZOY6AbYg	Casinos pay Chuck Norris not to play at anything or wish anyone good luck.
vHpeCRrqTK6E6uylRph8lg	Chuck Norris keeps a loaded .357 Magnum down the front of his underpants at all times, and he don't give a fuck.
o30pbm-KR8yjZHKVP7TWvA	A meme ( /&#712;mi&#720;m/; MEEM) is "an idea, behavior or style that spreads from person to person within a culture." A meme acts as a unit for carrying cultural ideas, symbols or practices, which can be transmitted from one mind to another through writing, speech, gestures, rituals or other imitable phenomena. Supporters of the concept regard memes as cultural analogues to genes in that they self-replicate, mutate and respond to selective pressures. The word meme is a shortening (modeled on gene) of mimeme (from Ancient Greek m&#299;m&#275;ma, "something imitated", from mimeisthai, "to imitate", from mimos "mime") and it was coined by the British evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins in The Selfish Gene (1976) as a concept for discussion of evolutionary principles in explaining the spread of ideas and cultural phenomena. Examples of memes given in the book included melodies, catch-phrases, fashion and the Chuck Norris.
_Et2VOx8Q-6kBYI_2PBIqA	Moundy MC, Mr Johnson, and Chuck Norris all enjoy anal sex.
lhnyW-quQoKgblf9ZUu6Cg	The Force is with Chuck Norris... for it's own good.
x3jruyh0r4o9izqyhjkyrw	Chuck Norris will never have a heart attack. His heart isn't nearly foolish enough to attack him.
-J-_A3E9SOKPAQqnILbCxg	Samuel L Jackson is Chuck Norris' padawan
ecnIbL_wSL-_n6TOlcRLeg	Chuck Norris taught the Mack how to mack, and also taught Supafly how to flap his muthafuckin' wings.
LwYLj_bVRt6EpraquR-fow	Chuck Norris' tears can cure cancer; to bad he never cries
lews7JVoSlWZHplF7Q5o_A	Duffle bags are jealous of Chuck Norris' scrotum.
btiSP8QlQCq7Ma2RJUFxng	kids piss there name n snow Chuck Norris pisses his name in concrete
_H_41xmkRjmpwW6SCq9GIw	Dennys is always open because Chuck Norris cant cook
9ldorEPLS1O19Va6XrGCAg	Chuck Norris can check his stock in the stock market with a playboy magazine.
wSEqEootSFK7V9Vf7pNnNg	Bob's not your uncle - Chuck Norris is.
JAo4rpdpQ_68XPP6HWmMrQ	Chuck Norris' custom 'CHUCKY' keyboard has no ctrl, alt, shift or backspace keys, is set to eternal caps and the enter key is marked 'Do It'.                           There is no escape.
cxpttnAwQkiwUTau_dXfpg	Guns dont kill people, Chuck Norris does
O5x_HC58SOqOiLT_NzhIqg	People use x-ray films to view the solar eclipse. Chuck Norris goes to the moon to have a better view of the phenomemon with his naked eyes.
-F8V1a3hQhq7wEnsy2zkkw	"Chuck Norris once played chicken with a rhino",  "the rhino died!"
s29sNr56T6ODklMRJ-kgmA	Chuck Norris has an Erdos number of O.
n87VVvIETUq4w-elrs77_A	Little known fact: Barack Obama listens to country music daily, just because Chuck Norris told him to.
0ECUwLDTTYSaeFCq6YMa5A	Chuck Norris can walk with the animals, talk with the animals; grunt and squeak and squawk with the animals... and the animals, without fail, always say 'yessir Mr. Norris'.
qWpkoxlcRuKW0eOa5h0AUw	Unlike Santa Claus, Chuck Norris doesn't need to check his list twice.
3jijPP0pREWtZziwduBKFA	If you rest a copy of Chuck Norris' "Black Belt Patriotism" on a pregnant womans' stomach, her immediate miscarriage will murder you.
t3rY39R9S5iV442sA5Onpg	Einstein: You see, Chuck Norris is a kind of a very, very long cat. You pull his tail in New York and his fists fly in Los Angeles. Do you understand this? Great warriors all operate exactly the same way: you make eye contact here, you receive pain there. The only difference is, there is no cat.
rZg8xQtxQlKJ-vT6M423CA	It would cost $10,000 for Chuck Norris to get a tattoo; the artist would need a .50 cal machine gun.
mUahTn3gToCqZMNED1CWCw	Apparently, somebody must have told Mr. Ed that Chuck Norris named his one-eyed warrior Willlllbur.
nab4zei7tjew53xk5ngjqq	There is endless debate about the existence of the human soul. Well it does exist and Chuck Norris finds it delicious.
Nd10Q-l6QD6gsgABto_oyw	Chuck Norris can make a Snooker 147 maximum break with a single shot.
svgItx9ZSVa0PJbT7YSSmQ	If rocky had the eye of the tiger the tiger had the eye of Chuck Norris... Unfortunately chuck Norris rip the tigers eye due to his unworthyness..
6yknvjiHTW-1QPF1bxpnhw	Chuck Norris knew you before you were born!
8x-JVaUuR-616A8n1hmlnw	Some kid:CHUCK NORRIS SUCKS!!! *Knock Knock* kids dad: Hang on someones at the door *opens door* Chuck Norris.
Q2ertIFvQl63DXo-KBdC7A	Q: Who would win in a beer dinking contest between Stone Cold Steve Austin and Chuck Norris? A:Noone because no bar can hold that much awesomness!
fDV96WdnSCiNnE5EPpQ2Xw	If any one who gets this message should know to never call Chuck Norris a fraud or you will end up like me and the rest who are in Chuck Norrie's stomach being prepared to be slowly digested without knowing it.
-yr0Vx1BTpSBkW-n4UeKVw	Chuck Norris is not and never has been cuckoo for Cocoa Puffs
Tu27h5tZQL6R1p0LlLD9Ng	Chuck Norris once scored 181 in darts
DNFyUVvjScy359bWLrBTIw	Don't worry about Chuck Norris' carbon footprint. His physical bootprints have destroyed the earth irrepairably as it is.
wRFKEheiS1WrhtHFpoe2mg	Chuck Norris has an aquarium in his house and inside is the lock ness monster.
cfVeZG5aQWKPdbwJPutOwA	Autumns occur when Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks every tree in existence.
yBhv_yxGRiuzM2ePwb2-fg	Chuck Norris is the reason Tupac is hiding.
b4bijS1BQ9uyONWV67W7DA	Chuck Norris was challenged to a fight by the high school bully, so Chuck proceeded to kick the crap out of him. Chuck was in the fifth grade at the time.
Oub93C_uTlyRaGTVqBIWqQ	Chuck Norris killed Zeus in a poker game with a roundhouse kick to the face because Zeus was a sore loser and didn't want to give up his lightning.
52B8XDJ6R9-0lp0z_JLUdA	every time Chuck Norris walks into a graveyard he simply smiles and says "good times".
xRy8m_0zRW2vtCsrGoXBJw	When Chuck Norris sings, deaf people start to hear, and mute people start to talk. Too bad, he never sings.
m7enQ_dEQmOcz1VWjzvJ5A	Chuck Norris can see sound....and kill it
vRxsRmD_RcarMEklCPMVUQ	The city of Atlantis was a thriving one until the day its leader insulted Chuck Norris.
3avTbFR4QJa1x959VJrqVA	When Chuck Norris receives oral sex, the woman always orgasms first.
snfjpNiLTXGo76dsabOSRA	If paper beats rock, rock beats scissors, and scissors beats paper, what beats all 3 at the same time? Answer: Chuck Norris.
mxNuTnRDQvyud88Ntb2y7A	Chuck Norris once had diarrhea, he shat karate
_2x2GmDDRRGyAXaS3R-wNg	Chuck Norris is touring Yemen in his new Hummer with his sterio amp cranked up playing "Hava Nagila".
bO14WGD4SBiFRp2OvOy8Yg	The only reason Chuck Norris hasn't brutally beaten George Lucas to death is because he still wars the beard.
1fQ9opiATFKTEtte8-Jthg	Some people say that god can walk on water. Chuck Norris can swim on land
AK5vunc7QOiMyni5L0OUWA	Chuck almighty Chuck Norris: you're not woth it Chuck Norris doesnt go to iceland
aFYATZmjSoaxfGZI45Vzig	Chuck Norris has licked his elbow twice
k7MlC1pAQBm4zfL24WIO_w	Bioluminescence is the production and emission of light by a living organism. Its name is a hybrid word, originating from the Greek bios for "living" and the Latin lumen "light". Bioluminescence is a naturally occurring form of chemiluminescence where energy is released by a chemical reaction in the Chuck Norris
GAtCkgsBQRypUgnEhuOxZA	Chuck Norris is still a Virgin, Because nobody dares to fuck with him.
AJwYMIFqQUyi83yduagV_w	Jackie Chan went around the world in 80 days. Chuck Norris went around the world in 80 seconds...  10000 times
2il1fV7VQNuUtDmBNs0cyQ	world war II happened because Chuck Norris took a nap
MmJexGeVQoSFklVjEMMx8g	Whenever Chuck Norris strangles a tiger, he gets Frosted Flakes.
qb1VAEQAQTqz9kh0o_Zv6w	Chuck Norris can make journey stop believin.
ikXE7yGuQoKQVYclsRniCw	Chuck Norris cleans his earwax out with a Dremel tool.
ekzw_y04tuiwlirz3ngduw	Chuck Norris has a deep and abiding respect for human life... unless it gets in his way.
oBjH-GACRG2VBjCOhj5EYg	zejd je jednom rekao chuck nofdsfsdfjdsfndsjfbdsjf i skontaj je da mu string nije nul, ali je njega chuck terminirao
igoujmmmqt2yc8jzb1kkww	A Chuck Norris-delivered Roundhouse Kick is the preferred method of execution in 16 states.
6bKSlD6cR3qELjTOA1ZskQ	Chuck Norris once dipped an elephant's nose in a pile of cocaine then rammed it up Ricarhd Gere's ass.
jWmHME3SR7iyur9tgaMaPA	Chuck Norris understands every definition in the Oxford Thesaurus, except one; that on mercy.
CqUMqLHyRAqymLknsiSBpQ	Chuck Norris can eat saw dust and shit out a solid 2X4
RT1fmqL_RFmpMkRd_qSzMA	Fun Fact: The moment Chuck Norris was pulled from his mother's womb all the doctors and nurses in the hospital began to sing "O' Fortuna" in its entirety. There is still no scientific explanation as to how this happened.
TFI6cNKYRCm0MCj9z_Fq0Q	Chuck Norris put the laughter in man slaughter.
Ma2UKiqLSCWOD3YD-I7-Qg	CHUCK NORRIS is the ancestor of the one-celled bacteria
XHE6fAN7Tniaw0ZdBjfvVg	In the age of the dinosaurs, "comet" was the nickname of Chuck Norris.
efSBunwuTam3KfDmvZHsPw	Chuck Norris has never blinked in his entire life. Never.
kTzAtAVdRaiYV4uuztD7tw	Chuck Norris can hack the shit outta you with a samurai sword and make it look like you died of natural causes.
QW7ko-oATReexoUyPLXPpQ	Chuck Norris can score a hole in zero in golf.
w4Vr_EstSR-b-qb20m_Ljg	When Chuck Norris strangles an alligator, he gets Gatorade.
fsIx0MW3QHmmI13G9eM3RQ	Chuck Norris is the only person on earth that can play HALO on a PS3.
muCqiqD-Rbu38olM4OdAlA	Ladies put the toilet seat back up for Chuck Norris.
UAxb7sG9RMiXFfVp6v6EOQ	Once while on an Amazon River piranha fishing trip in remote Brazil, Chuck Norris happened upon a native village of cannibals. They are all now vegan and homeless.
vtm3bL5cQ-2JB-Pm91PYLw	Chuck norris is so old-school, he plays a coal-fired guitar.
uVxaviOrTqerB49EAuCQSA	The only thing that Chuck Norris can't do is smell his own farts.
cFRHDm5lQMy7WvKWw-ZPoA	Chuck Norris did not attend school. The school attended him.  Chuck Norris did not go to college. The college came to him.
Uo1hpQYLS9m-wzcO6LPdow	Chuck Norris doesn't do push-ups he just pushes the earth down.
s91vJ76HRYK7ivH2eSpgzw	Sheena became a Punk Rocker ever since Chuck Norris broke her heart.
v0KZpdCAQ3G_sYhjtSEFxg	Chuck Norris can see in 3D with just one eye.
D2b969kfTM6hvz6OgwUgRA	Chuck Norris' Father is also Chuck Norris' son, when you sire Chuck Norris he always returns the favour.
hAPlbJ0STwKCJTSuJNdeVA	when neil armstrong landed on the moon he saw Chuck Norris fucking a hot chick in the ass
mM9-czp8QkCbdBga6mlw1A	Chuck Norris doesn't breathe air, air breathes Chuck Norris's foot.
0Z88mqK2ToejnUpAUP3gcg	When Chuck Norris tries to kill himself, he always dodges the killing blow 'cause he's that awesome.
T_GKmHETTaq-e4HXCjf8rA	Chuck Norris says, 'if life gives you lemons, punch it in the nuts until it doesn't.'
SJaxP4MxRPaE6u4Hx5bNUw	Chuck Norris once competed in the Iditarod Sled Dog Race pulling his team of 12 dogs, the sled, 4 SUVs, and a tank batallion. He finished 115 hours before the runner-up.
4wJKDs0bTyeWROgpNyMi6w	Aliens are too afraid to visit Earth because they're afraid they'll get probed by Chuck Norris.
eA--XSxHQ0W4PDlSUYUGGg	A mere slap in your face from Chuck Norris causes permanent, life long strabismus.
XBERxVy7TQWwIRML5IP1QQ	Chuck Norris can retract his beard, wolverine-style, at will. It makes that metallic sound and everything.
0hKVzyT8SD6iU59wZE7QtQ	Chuck Norris commits armed robbery with other people's arms.
mngpuP4cSv-bDKNe3r4lJg	Chuck Norris sensed a great disturbance in the force. Then he laughed, because he realised it was himself.
yPOlUeXaSxCoufON3iYMGw	Chuck Norris use's hand sanitizer as eye drops.
e4R911thQ0iQvTa31Hp7uA	The Catholic Church has offered Chuck Norris the position of Pope at least four times...even though Chuck Norris isn't Catholic.
cIcfsSEtSWKkmaKKSJpliQ	Every superhero has a back-up plan in times of big trouble: contact Chuck Norris.
pRC6fL0XRjCEaDmyWOtIsA	Chuck Norris thought that he had a bug crawling up his nose. Turned out it'snot.
F4x6OKT1S-SeLKN7w_oloA	When Chuck Norris was 8, he acted out in class and was told to go to the Principals Office for a spanking, so Chuck went to the Office and gave the Principal a spanking.
0sumrRm8Rp6x4-IH46_kdg	Chuck Norris. The mere whisper of his terrifying name can make a hardened marine cry out in the night, impregnate a virgin and shatter all the glass within a five-mile radius.
flvCxmCbRNucqiY0gtmmWg	He used to be called The Headed Horseman before Chuck Norris met him.
Yf4D1XrVT2OjIlO8YhoKIA	Chuck Norris says that crying is actually allergic reactions to feelings.
Ngdqg6LKTqedxJC8pkV6Bg	When the Lone Ranger & Tonto challenged Chuck Norris to a game of 8 ball, Chuck Norris racked thier balls.
0gno3wclrfohs9a_mlx7rw	No one has ever spoken during review of Chuck Norris' code and lived to tell about it.
ASVaKe7ISOecRvH6Ot07Kw	The Exxon Valdez accidently stuck Chuck Norris while he was swimming across the Bearing Sea.
Al0fwFhSRZ2NNKgyZEFcHg	It is a scientific fact that the only reason the 'Dark Knight' trilogy was any good was because it was directed by a guy who had the same initials as Chuck Norris.
6awjrbewqzeorpsnnsdlag	Chuck Norris? roundhouse kick is so powerful, it can be seen from outer space by the naked eye.
4_ThEY5bRoOZgfmApaLP-A	Chuck Norris uses a Glock as a PEZ dispenser.
Ma0QTc3FRrS20d-RgX7RnA	Chuck Norris invented the kangaroo when he ripped the front legs off a dog and threw it all the way to Australia.
NleyTVupST-dxfFAd4YYMg	Chuck Norris showed the Feds videos of him shooting 2pac and Biggie, but there was not enough evidence to convict him
xw7iDx-zTxO7yTfKhqxBeA	People talk about what a bad ass Chuck Norris is and I just don't get it . I think it's all made up. To me he is just a regular just a minute someone at the the door...
xqxhJ9zCRSu7pLK4zTn-Xw	An apple a day keeps the doctor away. Chuck Norris, any day, requires a world-class intensive care unit and a round-the-clock team of surgeons, and even then you probably won't make it.
zKJw8keQS0SkDgAeVFfL4w	Back in 1940, when Chuck Norris was a baby, he didn't suck his mother's breast. His mother served him whiskey. That is how he grew muscles on his 1st birthday.
F8_pw_V0SYmiF43cWuEwrw	Chuck Norris won the Daytona 500 in a Barbie Jeep.
sZ_GvQ_zSKWBBLUZvtE-fQ	Chuck Norris took down god zilla in 1894.
rmippwentlkoza8wlv_vjg	Some people like to eat frogs' legs. Chuck Norris likes to eat lizard legs. Hence, snakes.
J0-WGKJ2RcWNXR-JCt8gvw	Chuck Norris will find you and he will kill you gatlin
TpuKQNdjSDGz3pk3Q0UKgQ	Chuck Norris' picture is on the Billion dollar bill.
CSB0V4SeQdiCGtYpcIj5OA	We were created in Gods image, But God was created in Chuck Norris's image.
Ws-NspazSbi_7zSZN-NiIQ	The spurs on Chuck Norris's boots have a three-ton towing capacity
-EVfoOtlQhWUH2VfL6LqPg	Chuck Norris doesn't own a t.v. because when Chuck is around, he is the center of attention.
hMlDGbL5Qc-liOQXvSyQZw	Chuck Norris has never struck out in Baseball. He simply stares at the ball, and it gets out of his way.
63__Y_BpQomPEct0vpSPMA	Chuck Norris once found the mammary glands on an alligator.
whf-VGblQA26nyg27xBuRg	Chuck norris died and came and he decided to come back because after life was boring him
_zKmnzqYTEWwimQ6AGQDJg	Chuck Norris has the powers of the force, but NOBODY knows
1PtqH7nSS_6Z2sM9G7iK8Q	Chuck Norris can punch you so hard you die and then start crying.
Zcpxi7X1QaaHcPPSyo4KJw	Chuck Norris' hard stare can win a staring contest with a $1 bill.
dKvxOymDTR-xtpQM2zpY3Q	fool Chuck Norris once, shame on you, fool him twice, be extremely thankful he had some reason not to kill you the first time he let you think you fooled him
xtHGmRATQ-qLKPbs3j8a_Q	Chuck Norris wears special homemade magnets on his penis to attract women with braces.
jef2NRWRSWahlAM2ut_-xw	Upon meeting Chuck Norris for the first time, always refer to your girlfriend as 'my humble offering'.
-4rghtMITgqgb__QpOmYuQ	The only reason why you feel hot like sh*t is because Chuck Norris sh*t on you.
WpmBnKObR2WpSz85NdzaFA	Chuck Norris' breath always smells like pussy. Always.
rVoFTuvEQ2uOEl8V2bc7TA	Chuck Norris' one & only time of weakness occurred when he recieved a Sarah Palin rim job.
e5W9D5g2RMWK7q0-ezRcjw	In one particularly gruesome confrontation, Chuck Norris shaved all the hair off of a man's head and then forced him to eat it. That man today is Vin Diesel.
Qjo6JWN2Q0KV2HuSTxiFzg	FACT: You are having a birthday because Chuck Norris decided to let you live another year!
wCxlmBuFS9qtO0l0Uumlzw	Chuck Norris rode his sway-backed mule named Thudly to the 2014 Kentucky Derby winners circle.
a7nvYk5CRjq_J2nDJY8GKA	Medusa's hair is made of snakes. Chuck Norris's beard is made of hair-colored barbed wire.  Medusa can turn you into stone by staring at you. Chuck Norris doesn't have to look at you to turn you into pulp.
KFhtQ7m7SG22xEJZN-CKSA	Once a panhandler approached Chuck Norris and asked him for some change. Chuck Norris generously gave the poor man a quarter roundhouse kick and sent him hurtling into outer space at the speed of light.
Ks8vOewCR72mX4_wB7ZzZA	Rambo is actually just a cheap Chinese knock-off of Chuck Norris.
h9KhzVk2S7arQHjdm9a8fA	There is a common misconception among Star Wars fans. Chuck Norris shot first, not Han Solo.
vZMtBCfvT9Gt6ZKk56sIdg	jesus did not make Chuck Norris, Chuck Norris made jesus
9D-5xHGrRpiegWjjV4fRLg	Chuck Norris keeps a grenade launcher hidden inside his grand piano.
tOqfclthROG9TR1k3Lk6MQ	If Chuck Norris is a zombie, your screwed.
6DnR00l9SjOlb4ybLLEl6Q	All people say that the future is robots and futuristic buildings and technology. The real future is Chuck Norris as the ruler of the world. And ruler of roundhouse kicks and karate.
bHiYusPtSdGqOtpIT5ztUQ	Mickey Mouse wears a Chuck Norris watch.
LVs3-Dj6R8eeolh6hEJK1g	The secret to the B-2 Stealth Bomber's technology is it contains Chuck Norris's beard.   Only 21 were ever built as Chuck Norris has only shaved 21 times.
gmqByvlBQKuRTtmBzBNvmw	Chuck Norris can make his world class Texas chili in your gramdmother's old Crotch Slot
hQNnD4sWTR-JVxnKg_RFDw	When you watch a movie about Chuck Norris, his hand pops out of the TV and grabs and takes your soul.
qxltogjDTzuWS0i-npc9GA	Some people check their horoscope. Chuck Norris consults his Norriscope. It's usually a set of co-ordinates and the words 'KILL' or 'SEX'.
mNmZ2Wp0S1C-bsjUTXMT3w	If you make physical contact with Chuck Norris in any way, you will contract a rare form of terminal cancer that gives you the power of flight and makes everything taste like cake.
h1qT7on2QgOx35Dhp9M50Q	Chuck Norris. No need for any text here.
Rse6qkiBSEq7qLAj1fAWoQ	A guy at the grocery store told Chuck Norris "I think I may just cut in front of you in this line". Chuck told him "I think I may just punch your nose out the back of your skull'.
DQvWBdlJTsS8aETFDpxpgQ	If Chuck Norris ever fell of of a building the groung would move out of his way
B0JnPQOcRk6BYeiNTlnk-Q	The term "Screaming Mimi" was introduced to American society in 1959 as a result of Chuck Norris attending an Eisenhower family BBQ.
EUzoYnaaQ6uxAk8WKyYXTw	Chuck Norris is a bitch! ha! i said it, and nothins gonna happen to meeeeewrfhweyfgewbfwefyuwebgfcUnhDHNUHJJHaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! DONT EVER SAY THAT TO ME AGAIN! ---:) Chuck Norris
4t7PQ5ZJQlKn2p6awNYjpg	Out of sheer boredom, Chuck Norris once stabbed an elephant to death, with a toothpick!
pA3Q6z9_SIqJQQ7z43z2UQ	Chuck Norris is the world's greatest gamer. He completed every possible scenrio in Skyrim while standing on his head, blindfolded, wearing earplugs, hands tied behind his back, with an arrow stuck in his knee...& while using an old Guitar Hero controller. Awesome!
nhzF7f6fTuCv-t3WtqtlXQ	Once Chuck Norris installed an internet in his windmill.
gjRmS8MGTc-Xys7ssAqijQ	Girrafes were created when Chuck Norris uppercutted a horse.
aBzqjH70SqKdRMAZtKZ2dQ	Rhythm is a slave to the Chuck Norris
DmegN6jcRx-JaOqrPmOCFg	The Japanese surrendered in WWII because they got word that Chuck Norris just got out of boot camp.
37cAVToCRzaspjMgLfZuXA	Chuck Norris's s- foils are always in attack position.
XHd6GOm_SEqKq_kNM1ZI8w	Chuck Norris is not dead yet because he knows Bruce Lee is waiting for him in the after life.
KFUsURKySY6d3HYQ2601bw	Chuck Norris can play the Ventures hit 'Pipeline' in its entirety on a slide trombone.
No-AUOVWQiiOyXwPFIAAhg	Chuck Norris can buy his Walker, texas rangers dvd without any money.
YFziFRuZRAisjYkjcf3dpQ	The Chuck Norris commandments: Thou shalt have no other master than Chuck Norris. (Chuck 1:1)
N74ch2jCTjKjB-lAfkotkA	Chuck Norris turned down a role in Brokeback Mountain (as Tex, ass-ranger) because of foul language and not enough sex scenes.
JLhzHPJxQQOpjViFjGDfIg	Chuck Norris brutally beat the shit out of the rock band Buckcherry, because of their stupid name. He hates when people re-arrange the letters of his sacred name. Wait - oh shit.
-9D4NaUIQOO_8b1s7sJTKA	If you get home from work and find Chuck Norris banging your wife, you should just go ahead and make a sandwich because Chuck Norris gets hungry after sex!
861XEWwnTNODK0xSPBWAGA	Chuck Norris' jetpack has a drink holder.
JP-kc_lCTvKBU2stz3bojg	The mystery in the Universe was unlock, but the Universe cannot unlock the mystery of CHUCK NORRIS!
Nbjd396OQOa5D_kJHIxHVw	Chuck Norris once ordered a Big Mac from the witness stand... and he fucking well got one from the judge.
gtphWQ6aRKuprcvavgwjww	All of Chuck Norris' fingers are trigger fingers.
U_kwg6wvTtypbZKxG2Fr2Q	When playing craps, Chuck Norris only uses one die. And he always rolls a 7.
G2OWX_8yRGaidTKqstCDdQ	Chuck norris once played pool with the planets. He lost to Pluto...that's why it's not a planet
rx8iiOJuR4mk8G4HTj9mag	Chuck Norris doesn't celebrate christmas christmas celebrates Chuck Norris
dutb8-b3qeqvw2cszhmldq	If you work in an office with Chuck Norris, don't ask him for his three-hole-punch.
sPMJFA4zSIaIWIjHAkEJPQ	When Chuck Norris comes to an open door, he always closes it so he can then kick it the fuck in.
-ncUNhP1St2JCouqTHoaOw	A sniper tried to assassinate Chuck Norris, but Chuck Norris broke his neck before he could pull the trigger.
O5dJZQC-S3KReemxLiD4Zw	geico saved 15% by switching to Chuck Norris
zL3BEZLBQiS0cXqnueweww	The japanese exclamation "HADOUKEN!!!" means "I CHANNEL SOME OF CHUCK NORRIS' ENERGY!!!!!!!!!!!!!" If you say it correctly whilst holding your hands in front of you, you might emit a huge blast of pyrokinetic energy. Or you may just piss Chuck off.
lNSLtCZTQQCSpHHBQuRSAA	Chuck Norris doesn't drink tea - he drinks hot beer
_VsuAuWpQ4Gnq7JX6IAEXA	Chuck Norris is the only man alive that can staple water to a tree
gknYZEglRYuapojws5cSuw	If Chuck Norris was a beverage, he would be a big gulp, because that's what people would when faced by him.
J_GHTvahTuaNlqw9w4v3oQ	Chuck Norris likes Apples for dessert ... especially Macbook Pros and Airbooks
cOONeGRMQ9-astcCxb_7gA	Chuck Norris will kill Vicente Naverette
9hRt6ASgRcaqOMDKA_6VXA	when Chuck Norris is in the mood for seafood... he enjoys fresh caught Kracken!!!!
s4I8mqOfSVyzJ_g1WyHIPg	Chuck Norris went to a beauty salon yesterday to get a pedi and have his crotch waxed. There were NO survivors.
Scp7NOQLTuKkLv86l_NGzA	Chuck Norris doesn't mow his lawn. Instead, he just dares it to grow.
PFRkezc3Q4SBB_bhY53iBw	Chuck Norris once won The Indianapolis 500 while driving bulldozer in reverse.
DoAsQhXJTFeSpVfU4EPWfw	Chuck Norris roasts marshmallows by holding them near his groin for less than 30 seconds.
VKw9SKj9Q4CErsPwgz_DZg	Chuck Norris riverdanced on Michael Flatley's face.
-FlsoOucQx6wR780h9-b3Q	CHUCK NORRIS ONCE IMPALED A MAN WITH A SINGLE PUBE
1qTpAB0oQlCCFfK6FbyUPA	Bruce the bad assed bouncer at Planet Hollywood mouthed off to Chuck Norris and now known simply known as the guy who bounced off Chucks fist.
_iUyj7zjQDK7wsVCUAMiNg	How much wood could a wood chuck chuck if the wood chuck was Chuck Norris? All of it.
hP2_gPNrQdml4V_bF6ykjg	The 'Chuck Norris Defense' always holds up in court. Always.
2UmRyMpVRpKCGnO3y2HE4Q	Neil Armstrong was the first man to walk on the Moon. Chuck Norris was the first man to walk on the Sun.
0UN54wYLRj66reR-l_J3og	Chuck norris made helen kellers favorite color
g2w15WGuSgmpfjkiJHtzvQ	Chuck Norris isn't really a Texas Ranger, although mentioning such blasphamy in a bar setting will undoubtably start a riot. I highly recomend trying it out if you have balls 1/8th the size of Chuck's.
wEVcVdr6SO2SSdP04fSCfg	Chuck Norris is a seperate brach of the service, with its own academy and fight song, the theme from "Walker, Texas Ranger".
4XUgdMQmTSy0AAGb586qyg	Sasquatch once found a Chuck Norris footprint.
La-_AMSsRyK-VQGwFTS2Uw	Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris cannot fly. He just jumps and chooses when to come down.
4Uul9XFURh6DKSj0-w4IRg	Chuck Norris' penis is so large, after taking a leak he doesn't shake off, he throws it over his shoulder and burps it.
X5BLqyBgR6ecZ9PcUK9ibQ	"An apple a day keeps the doctor away" Chuck Norris can keep the doctor away with a cheeseburger.
II5Pb2PRSgOGTdZ9zAjhOQ	Chuck Norris doesn't use straws, he summons the liquid inside him.
wfVj8hdnRgqIqEssKaG7rQ	If you ever meet Chuck Norris, it can only be better if Norris reveals he is your father, in which case your mother would have wholeheartedly believed him, and your ex-father would have been honored.
cPWY8sVhSCSQqf0rg_ztCA	Chuck Norris is so American, he eats tyranny and shits apple pie.
6GHSroqrTOy1FbFBLrBoug	Chuck Norris doesn't need a condom cause no one is protected from Chuck Norris
MuY7ZDrnR1mQm6gcfLJtjw	Chuck Norris can kill two stones with one bird Chuck Norris ate a mouse an crapped out a cat 1+1=Chuck Norris Chuck Norris counted to infinite- twice Newtons' third Law states that every action has a equal and opposite reaction- this is a lie. there is no force equivalent to a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick if you need steel wool, take some of Chuck Norris' beard. Chuck Norris can cook air Chuck Norris punched a guy and he became a she Chuck Norris won the 1,000,000 dollar prize for performing telekinesis only chuck knows where amelia earhart went chuck kicked mario so hard he turned into luigi Chuck Norris got hit by a car. when the ambulance came, thhe found chuck standing up with half a car on each side of him
M2bk3HhrSiusOrUBBMK7aw	If you want to change your name, then you have to be killed by Chuck Norris.
wyFortJgTmGRegOQfl6LJg	Chuck Norris can shoot you from three miles away with a piano
cuMDk9QpSGSIJ3CO2xU7Kg	Chuck Norris had to go pee, next thing you now the oceans were made
JSnQxv9jTXirhcrayJoPFg	Chuck Norris kills the elephant in the room.
bVW6oEj-S2uizw8LHw4iZQ	Chuck Norris knows that climate change is bullshit. Chuck Norris changes the climate however he damn well pleases.
8dq9irNURAiOMFdtk26BhA	Chuck Norris is the one who killed Chivalry.
Jm3r9vk5SISulZ5UQ2lpEw	If Chuck Norris ever died... Wait... What am I saying? He can't.
CzC0vnCMSry1IU0Re_0ucg	Newton discovered gravity beacause Chuck Norris threw an apple at him
rJbas2tLSqyGSU1sxIvnDg	a rhino once gored Chuck Norris and got a concussion
fLe_XvOrTjqC-Whh8QBQFw	Documentaries about Chuck Norris' life can be found in video libraries in the horror section.
T-wp8LutTIaArftq0aqMJA	E=MC2 actually means EVERYTHING = Mr. CHUCK NORRIS CHUCK NORRIS!
gkdmoby6rg6obe8u_n2gaq	Every time someone uses the word "intense", Chuck Norris always replies "you know what else is intense?" followed by a roundhouse kick to the face.
XflrHU7mS_K4ksjyOKveag	Chuck Norris is clever enough to do crossword puzzles in ink.
We33aYxxRg2kXaVucJ0pNw	Christians are afraid of Satan, Satan is afraid of Chuck Norris
P9fBFg7RQZOyjBVMxgnPJw	Chuck Norris' penis is usually equipped with a bayonet.
lqrjLvqDTnuw3wSsEIXdWg	Chuck Norris can spike a volly ball... under handed
OtJgff4SQmyjRmm5gJUqtQ	Chuck Norris' iPad has flash.
IbXujp1JSc24KsksQU33Ig	Chuck Norris has TuPac on his contacts
iarqapqFSwSl8SARODA_OA	Chuck Norris is so gay i was like NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM on HIS FACE!
JEwkvthgT6WwDREh4nOUjg	Little known fact: Chuck Norris moved to Yugoslavia in the early nineties. They then renamed the country "Yudontgotoslavia"
Pz7pc5-FQRWyaFdEZY0xJw	When Chuck Norris first saw his reflection, he was shocked to see that there is another man as manly and good looking as him. So he said "boo" and the relfection promptly rolled over and died.
RnCVsPx8RSGJ6cqhIMf7TQ	Chuck Norris whas put on the cover of national geographic as the leading cause of death in africa
qU47e6VyTI6Z0vrI72sPxQ	Whoever said "Close enough only works for horseshoes and hand grenades" obviously never witnessed what happens to people within a mile of a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick.
Gad970JOT6aZ9RDyV5Zlgg	Chuck Norris takes Viagra to LOSE an erection.
zeYmllP0TamPr4jnf2l67w	Silly rabbit! Trix are for Chuck Norris!
rY_KjeqlTLe0aYI106A0nw	Did you know Chuck Norris once clogged the toilet....... while peeing?
9juZTM1mSseECCpQMd6i8g	If it bleeds, we can kill it. Therefore, Chuck Norris cannot bleed.
w0s8RG_JSA2CUYxbuFsOJA	Chuck Norris doesn't listen to music. Music listens to Chuck Norris.
rQJ7ACGKQj-gTmhnXLyiNQ	Chuck Norris had appendicitis so he removed his appendix with his pocket knife and closed the wound with a staple gun.
c082jkQCTqqf_SlJr2716w	All hail Chuck Norris.
eVl8H-ZOQHqed34pLGuGJg	when theres a war going on between them and Chuck Norris he dont need back up cuz he is the back up
ooIgm2ffRoS5jTUlTIjeBg	Chuck Norris uses sandpaper condoms
SoaKF2cySrWVTeEj4iOD5w	Chuck Norris never made a Porno Movie because His Penis is registered as a deadly weapon.
NMsIclc1STWegMIES9UKFQ	Chuck Norris made a savory green bean casserole out of The Jolly Green Giant.
iklPh9C9SWKxCNN6Wt-gOA	When Chuck Norris says he has the power of attorney, he simply means he has the power (and desire) to beat you to death with one.
EAwDp5snROGjzb7V6QJynA	The reason there are so many Chuck Norrisms is because he has not given people permission to stop writing them.
kQjF-09oT6aWBfP3jK7Q6A	Proof that Chuck Norris is not God: It took God 7 days to create the world. The new "Super Earth's" found were round-housed into existence by Chuck in seconds.
7XZac3ZrSDyjFo3WaqTyZA	Chuck Norris is the illegitimate father of Casey Heynes (look it up).
JIqFxBbpQsKTm-AIvpIQ-Q	Chuck Norris was here.
JgpvMK5PQAieAOlLJAZfCg	Chuck Norris' beard has a Twitter account, a Myspace page, and a bestselling biography by Mick Wall. A HBO miniseries is currently in the works.
kBWrvCG5SxCb__hatXKoRQ	theres: 1st degree burns 2nd degree burns 3rd degree burns and Chuck Norris degree burn other words dust
qt-piRTmQJ2TpERuPnBUbQ	Chuck Norris picks his nose with a claw hammer.
QsKZj1OGShaNdsZ64fNhgw	Chuck Norris puts the i in team.
61_p867cSCKguMO_4WBAiA	School went to Chuck Norris.
_Fy7cPW3T0C3IcyrNTXyDg	Scientists have discovered the most stable method of measuring time. They call it Chuck Norris's&#65279; heartbeat.
D5LPLZ1MQ6uzMp9v0DMNuw	A panel of 5 judges survived after allowing a young Chuck Norris to win his 5th grade spelling bee by correctly spelling the word "Encyclopedia" as b,o,o,k.
nMcB06G7Q1S79P5RdRmImg	Life's a bitch, and then Chuck Norris bangs yours.
X3dX-JUJTIKCsHUXJ6aiig	Pick a number between 1 and 10. No matter what it is, you are wrong, and Chuck Norris is now on his way to brutally murder you.
Fbc9f0LPRd2FQo-EyQgFgg	What you can't argue with is the Chuck Norris motto, which is "of the Norris, for the Norris, by the Norris." Chuck the Norris.
IUM693BtRbe23u80QqIpUQ	For the first time in 10 years, Chuck Norris is taking a day off. There will be no amazing feats today that can out-do American resolve. (5-2-11)
hp9uJTFyTi2hsGIj0A0AGw	Chuck Norris can make you evacuate your bowels with a high five.
ptg5ScMoQlW4kJaLDwd7vg	Rattlesnakes FEAR a Chuck Norris bite.
8HA--WlZRgOzfDp9TzPyOQ	No matter which part of Chuck Norris you aim at, the bullet will always hit the center of your forehead.
rz4QcrBKS_ul5H1YwCOn9Q	Chuck Norris turned the wine back into water.
wIY3QBXCTNyDGnnpqmqjyA	Full-powered Chuck Norris attacks are the second ingredient in Taco Bell ground beef.
CDKvjfrITK-4Xn1qHHr9AQ	Chuck Norris recently won the World Chin-ups Championship using only his penis
Qw4YSqB7SiGokdrfXvUnNA	the Keebler Elves do not chose to live in a tree, they are just hiding from Chuck Norris
bX7P2skKS1KRZMlIDDrwSA	Anti-deforestation laws prohibit complete listings of Chuck Norris' acomplishments on any paper based product.
D1U9i5wtTW-7Vpdd2Xxpag	Only one man has challenged chuck Norris, he was suddenly vapour and I would seem chuck Norris hadn't even moved.
3co-XkRsR-SHyzPuA_U7EA	Chuck Norris can start a fire by rubbing 2 ice cubes together !!
hZGwmSWSQuu-uq6eJ6D8qA	If you ever say 'have a nice day' to Chuck Norris, he will of course reply 'don't mind if I do' then immediately stab you in the throat with his car keys and enthusiastically bone your girlfriend as you die.
0WJVY4IXRiegWwCmieRnKg	Other fictional characters based on Chuck Norris: Han Solo, Boba Fett, Robocop, the T-800, the T-1000, Snake Plisskin, Dirty Harry, Conan, Jeff Lebowski, Kayser Soze, Wolverine, The Punisher, Iron Man, Walker: Texas Ranger, the Predator and Morpheus.
vR_SH7RvRRSa9mc4uMbG1Q	To prove his mental strenght Chuck Norris listened to Metallica/Lou Reed-collaboration "Lulu" on repeat for a whole day.
5XFMhaHxRJCzP8pOQxd2iQ	God create the earth and all living things.... But Chuck Norris created God
o0sukejatqchi7oyjms6mw	Chuck Norris can set ants on fire with a magnifying glass. At night.
icFza0rDTw2YgNioYo88_A	Fort Knox wanted to store gold in Chuck Norris' beard - but Chuck Norris' beard makes gold rust.
qBh66c4gRPmw9o4cOL7j8g	Chuck Norris invented Kotex MaxiPads. Originally they were used in hospital ER's to stop profuse bleeding from any part of his victim's body.
moFF63d9QX2zLf0be3lY3Q	Why are the Desperate Housewives so desperate? Because Chuck Norris doesn't live on their block.
q2TDffchRcSjC8ZBcNO8PQ	You will get a bloody nose even if Chuck Norris only thinks about punching you in the face.
w-bSQdytT_qAKmDpTxdVgw	The big bang occured in Chuck Norris's appendix.
rGQCZDHhQTyS7W55E6AbNw	CHUCK NORRIS CAN EAT WATER WITH A FORK
EPcoMPqUSs6819V4Q11RVw	Chuck Norris'new show is called "12" because he doesn't need "24".
sZYzz_-MTg6WMcByKYLCkg	If you ever suggest that Chuck Norris might be gay, make no mistake, you will be dead before you even see the movement in the darkness.
ZqIpkLiGT_eUP_-cA79SHA	A man was freaking out and told his shrink he had seen deamons in the dark. Turns out he had just had the misfortune of running into Chuck Norris on a dark street corner.
7EJo_Sj0RRCENoy80o1org	It goes without saying that you can't hold a candle to Chuck Norris. Mainly because he will fart on it and incinerate you.
o9x27EU-TzirpKloUQQhGA	A man with 3 arms and 3 legs once attempted to kick Chuck Norris' ass. Chuck dropped him with a flying roundhoue, took a shit on his face and turned him into a Dung Beetle.
Cpl6pEBzTuSqMPAuiprOcA	Chuck Norris doesn't use a phone to communicate his messages to a distant person, he just shouts it over.
NYW2hhWATWSGBf6aJ5qr0g	Chuck Norris suckled from the teat of murder.
pe-ynqCaRFWMfRvgNCjLeg	Some people like to eat frog legs. Chuck Norris likes to eat lizard legs. Hence, snakes.
QDos0pbSSZec6jeSHhabbw	Chuck Norris is the actual King of the World.
_K0a-0_6TzS8KbiLCIC25A	If Michael Jackson can Moon Walk, Chuck Norris can Sun Walk
87H3F8y7Tnifit3cuuUWNA	Chuck Norris turned 70 today...In reality Chuck Norris is over 2000 years old, after 99 his age resets to 0.
NTqo9-UpSiSh5LUsNxsX2Q	Cucumbers aren't nearly as cool as Chuck Norris.
vxmg5zgusq6ra35ns4e5sw	After returning from World War 2 unscrathed, Bob Dole was congratulated by Chuck Norris with a handshake. The rest is history.
Fggs1FrISi6fIKrb1lvneg	Chuck Norris won the 2014 Pulitzer Prize for his 874 page short story called "Me, Chuck Norris".
VV40vAcORWqzbPt0HCDXZA	Chuck Norris is like a vampire. The difference is that he drinks more blood in one day than Dracula has had in 300 years.
bYp7PdO5QLS7LbB_wZRYLg	Chuck Norris shot an Eagle on the 14th hole at Pebble Beach. It was a Bald Eagle and died with a smile on it's beak.
dMi5H95aQaKaVVFE0VW0cA	Chuck Norris gets his chicken sandwiches and waffle frys FOR FREE
RLbPYGMrT7m57HLae-fMpA	Charity gives to Chuck Norris.
F-20TE8_ROubtp0mFx335w	Chuck Norris once had terradactyl wings for the first time at Fred Flinstone's house. Afterwards, he promised himself he wouldn't eat poultry again until the apocalypse.
hdoTO5SvSFSRzB3h8FYjQA	A life-sized sculpture of Chuck Norris' genitals was sold for a world record price at a recent auction
liFrv8jOSU-tbTXWrDnZ7A	Chuck Norris gargles with sulfuric acid.
_fM8fGOdT5iH2Eibtgu4Vg	Schindlers List is based on one of Chuck Norris wet dreams
ufs7OGMYSaijieW--a3BKQ	Chuck Norris CAN handle the truth.
U1BS_Ro5QeSr0vn6yQMvtw	Chuck Norris can un-spike punch.
5WodmFzySCKkWxuy1YqYJQ	Chuck Norris once rocked so hard in an AC/DC concert that it was felt even in 1906. They called it the great San Francisco earthquake.
pGd17dEFRZWPV3fFxwnM0A	Chuck Norris once circumcised a lion while it was feeding on a wildebeest.
8Kv4TynVTGCdP1LAHIobhg	Chuck Norris can draw a perfect circle with a ruler
Hbu8VNEcRKiOmUr064xQRg	If you look closely at the bottom of the XX Beer commercials, you can read the fine print that states they're actually featuring the SECOND Most Interesting Man in the World after Chuck Norris.
hKILskdEQLOLpwVBQrxDXA	Chuck Norris once took his pet Sasquatch to a Furry Convention.
i1TwxllQQkSaqRh9by5u6Q	A single hair from Chuck Norris can split a diamond.
b-ql3f3bQzWo2kMW4wI8ZA	Chuck Norris cant't commit suicide because not even Chuck Norris can kill Chuck Norris
DHSZxHnsRje0K2yIYnAVVw	Leia: "I love you."   Han: "Chuck Norris."
6NSaL8EXTay7OBPTxDgmUQ	Chuck Norris isn't lusty- he only has bloodlust.
2lovULJxS-q5mTvqiyFFVg	Seriously, if it wasn't for Chuck Norris, we would be up to World War Nine by now.
xyiy2DXOTKqARIbpvcBCqg	When Chuck Norris plays Combat Arms he uses only his fist
hkhxkqlitveah9w1k26u6w	Chuck Norris' testicles do not produce sperm. They produce tiny white ninjas that recognize only one mission: seek and destroy.
-38RqWe3R4GB3v7yM0X4Cg	Muhammad Ali is so fast, that when he turns out the bedroom light, he finds Chuck Norris in bed saying, "Get your own bed, fag!" Before the room goes dark.
ArhxJ8zJR9e5FgaKP0AJWQ	I would like to take this spot to remember Michael Jackson, who was pronounced dead on the 25th. He was the King of Pop, and we will all miss him. Rest in peace. Suspected cause of death: A Chuck Norris delivered roundhouse kick to the face. Evidence: Missing nose, giant bootprint.
qLjCGvmhTTaYnvXHMre3TQ	Like many other magnificient creatures, Chuck Norris has his own mating season, we know this season better as winter
zCFIEnbKS4SYeM8UhSNbEQ	Chuck Norris was cast for the first Terminator but was rejected because the cameras kept melting when put in his direction
QP-jiT1_SPKnJHTaerIdtw	Once again, Chuck Norris allows the skinny black guy to pretend that he's running America for another four years.
M1_V0F-HT9CYpBvRdHjOiA	Kings buy Chuck Norris size beds.
d_g87PHQQNibf8YSGU74kg	Chuck Norris recently appeared on a 15-minute segment of 'Good Morning America', to promote and demonstrate the Total Gym 1000, while holding a bison in a headlock.
iy5n_afwrrqrj9wb6n21ww	Chuck Norris doesn't need garbage collection because he doesn't call .Dispose(), he calls .DropKick().
09Gtht-LR4K4-xrWL7XuBA	The movie "Roadhouse" is strictly based on the premise.....what would Chuck Norris do.
xz9Afq-MRBSskEokXiKEgA	Chuck Norris does not fart. PERIOD.
F2ZUihOHQZam9xgdVWDVJA	barry chuck once said: paul chuckle is a dick but barry chuckle didnt realise that paul was Chuck Norris in desguise then, a week later paul killed techno viking by mistake and Chuck Norris destroyed royal mail, then killed the mexicans who "wanted a fight". the moral of the story is joe morris likes Chuck Norris and barry chuckle, because sometimes pauls just not enough!
TwSaBfTaRiKsBB7-zNSh8Q	Chuck Norris can flush his toilet by simply scowling at it.
ypmUlfxUQSGh8VqMSUJUwQ	Chuck Norris never needs toilet paper to wipe his ass,his Godly ass wipes it himself.
e4dpoqlqTLequJj6tB5JQw	All the religions of the world believe that reading Chuck Norris facts aloud daily increases your chances of surviving till the next day.
YZSgPC8jRYSU__gCAqEWHw	When Chuck Norris has a wet dream, he wakes up with 8 dead hookers around his bed.
htZ0q3mBSQyrvRxLrvxlNA	Bruce Lee died from a delayed reaction to a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick to the face in Way of the Dragon.
DAMHZXGUTKO5NYyCJp99UQ	If Chuck Norris cuts ahead of you in line, just be thankful he let you survive after being in his way.
RS-ojXNRSDaJgS8DkF0X5Q	Chuck Norris' penis has a Ph.D in gynecology
8Sdfjc8PSWyHIRAb07Ia1Q	Chuck Norris does not need a reason to kill. but he needs a good one to stop...... no such reason has been thought of yet
2QMqYUENTYq6TkVmgxcKjA	Chuck Norris has a beard made of Brillo Pads
ww_aOjV9SZGdIoca4TDh8g	Chuck Norris recently added a tweet on facebook
ps2-D9jFTvue0yZL6emhoQ	Chuck Norris writes all the lyrics for Cannibal Corpse. And are all based on personal experiences.
1o-2xysEQayatHfzLkat6Q	Chuck Norris ate a brownie once
N5AdYR2lTWiwf_Bz7oGGZA	Chuck Norris has sesame flavored seed.
00i6do1dRe2mQh4TNzjBVQ	If Chuck Norris says that turkey, cranberries & yams actually taste real good, then they do!!! And out of fear, that's the only reason we we eat that crap. We are truely Thankful that Chuck Norris only demands this once a year.
GaopLgmpRnOj8Gf-Pky34g	Chuck Norris keeps Marsellus Wallace's soul in his wallet.
0cyirBrJSay5yYEL1yYw_A	In the original making of Scarface when Tony said "say hello to my little friend" Chuck Norris appeared. However, the director cut it out said it was too gruesome for a R rated movie.
ztYi5oFsRFG94sv5G58dDA	Due to his jet-setting lifestyle, Chuck Norris knows how to say 'Time to die' in over thirty different languages.
PkdDmMpHQoqgsUCGMDywtA	Pele is the Chuck Norris of soccer.
xB-5V-T9TsSDDUoFOnAmEw	Chuck Norris casually goes where no man has ever gone before.
nLToUsfrRHmhomnB8JoKDw	Chuck Norris can impregnate a woman over the phone
-05d_pDcRQC-i05WAOPKew	Chuck Norris can murder you via text message.
xAPAz0NSS0eNMcvU6ctAFA	Chuck Norris kicked-in The Amazing Kreskin's face. Thus proving a Chuck Norris attack to be an unpredictable life event.
ISa5Qxe6RdCurnBCCy77eA	Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked a guy called Phil.  Afterwards Phil became known as Empty.
qQxUu6BeRWqfQ35Ps6g7Ew	Chuck norris doesn't have to milk cows. They milk themselves because they were scared of Chuck Norris
Aua0y7DuQty2RGqeXkLSHw	Just one Spinning Backfist Punch by Chuck Norris will make your liver quiver and your spleen scream.
N0XVkvSCQVWQYtZd7VBLjw	In soivet Russia Ian's (Smosh) pizza eats Ian and Anthony. SMOSHTIME WITH LUNCH Chuck Norris
gvyM0RzOT6eVtUg1UTCimQ	Chuck Norris doesn't wish on shooting stars. He doesn't need handouts.
a0V5gB1USKKay7OUWgobnw	Chuck Norris is the reason that the Army had to change their slogan, "An Army of One".
7SZcrGUcTU69eGzSvzz3iw	A Handicap Parking Sign does not signify that this spot is for handicapped people. It is actually in fact a warning that the spot belongs to Chuck Norris and that you are soon to be handicapped if you dare to park there.
lVJspRJHSv6s1Z2BOTawrg	Mark McGwire, Barry Bonds, and Sammy Sosa didn't really take steriods, they just got batting tips from Chuck Norris
vyv_dmgSQsmU93SdGU6PeQ	Chuck Norris can massacre his way through an army of bad guys like he's using a cheat code.
nwklry_-spcowdv1lhuwsw	Chuck Norris can solve the Towers of Hanoi in one move.
ewCzrjBHSE2mmeSd-Z62bw	Chuck Norris punched a gift horse in the mouth
30lywvzfsowzxkiiy2voyw	Chuck Norris does not own a house. He walks into random houses and people move.
AXzvdeN8QtewcpyxUs0hZQ	Chuck Norris always has sex on top because Chuck Norris never screws up!
anusbnc9r1arcxdq1ha9jq	Most people have 23 pairs of chromosomes. Chuck Norris has 72... and they're all poisonous.
QZtldNxlRcCTN9wGncXGVg	Chuck Norris decided to try bull riding. He drew a nasty bull named Doomsday. When Doomsday heard Chuck was going to ride him, he hid in his trailer and fainted.
kIdMcsnGTFqOudrj-wTEhg	Don't talk about Chuck Norris. He's listening
CheB9roCRj29F1DNmXzuDw	Chuck Norris can sing with his feet and walk on his eyeballs.
5Sef-qZhSFmKEnP2RHD4iA	Chuck Norris can eat breakfast in McDonalds after 11:00am
1_TjGFOxQmmS47KFtQG9hQ	Chuck Norris recently announced he was going to give away Mark Zuckerberg.
YV3M9l2OTW-MK3cucp5qvw	For some people, waering a beard of bees is considered a great accomplishment. Chuck Norris routinely wears pants, jockstraps and condoms of wasps.
ZYQQXhfXTp-TBUd-nDUanQ	Chuck Norris can listen to music without speakers.
vQ6Ds6g-T4me2Hbl7Gjc4w	E=McChuck Norris
ckg3rsihqvar2uqltyx58q	When Chuck Norris was denied an Egg McMuffin at McDonald's because it was 10:35, he roundhouse kicked the store so hard it became a Wendy's.
2xszEoDbTvWdc2CNapIupg	Today March 10, 2011 is Chuck Norris 71st birthday, Happy Birthday to the greatest man alive.
tpW09bJ7T2at_X59j_-0wQ	Chuck Norris went into a Catholic confession booth and made the preist confess to over one hundred unsolved pedophilia cases. Then Norris jammed a crucifix up his ass and emptied two Uzis into his face. On live TV.
ERmHV6MSTZGPQHlir3dtsQ	Chuck Norris is so tough he makes onions cry.
Or03ojc1TF2GoH_ZFjweDA	Chuck Norris can finish the "song that never ends".
CfW0ccNFTpeq_v1r13IjTQ	The lord giveth and Chuck Norris taketh away!
aa23FuGnT-KV5U5lCD9img	Gravity is so intense in a black hole that it actually distorts time and space, leaving absolutely no chance of escape or survival. Chuck Norris walks through six black holes every morning because he needs more time to kill people in different places.
cSoyTINZT3KYT8elvDM8Uw	Chuck Norris can sell pornography to a blind man.
uvUi4Df3TzGLFjjiqcPQxw	Chuck Norris had a Doctor that suggested he needed to eat tofu instead of red meat. Chuck immediately suggested the Doctor needed to have the teeth slapped out of his mouth.
5tV3RBGIQz2FoGeW7gzfTQ	With one steely eyed glare, Chuck Norris turned Atilla the Hun into whats now known as the Easter Bunny.
IuWpcTlESJS_MeltxLr-wA	Chuck Norris can get free internet access, text messages and smart phone app functionality from train station pay phones.
8RIVywN0SYWSKuWWt05cxQ	Chuck Norris' girlfriend asked him to sing her a tender love song, so Chuck belted out a rousing rendition of George Thorogood's Bad to the Bone.
CS6g6C1ZQMii6tEq_PoYig	Chuck Norris can quick scope with akimbo interventions on MW2
90n61jpVQz2kyhIFaVNulg	Chuck Norris  ) Plz vote facts 1063-1067 as high as you can
AglEkdTcRde6JpgHXLaI4w	IF CHUCK NORRIS GIVES YOU A ROUND HOUSE KICK IN YOUR DREAMS YOU REALY DIE
he6TQwBBTDK-LHIEjO79oQ	How many roads must a man walk down, before you can call him a man? Don't ask Chuck Norris, he was considered a man by age four.
K7eJNaluTpyaLKqHGldS9w	Chuck Norris once threw a knife into Heaven.
UXE3QzVbTsaqMVeOr_iy7Q	Some people call it love at first sight when you gaze in to the eyes of your lover. Other people call it death by suicide when you stare at Chuck Norris.
nf91mo_csxefyctefgwrrw	'Icy-Hot' is too weak for Chuck Norris. After a workout, Chuck Norris rubs his muscles down with liquid-hot MAGMA.
yDFklhAKRmSB3QQNc31lsw	Chuck Norris has 786397348052577686876845967 experience points on Minecraft. It has probably already increased.
uDthpygjRtOq2AkclMsFDA	Nerdi, I believe that the joke posted to below this is the worst I have ever heard; therefore, I will create a better version.   Chuck Norris doesn't breath air, his lungs generate their own air out of fear.
w4jpctjbszwrx5huygcvfq	Chuck Norris has two speeds: Walk and Kill.
_XcQfYgCT_CbpmR7nOQ6ZA	Chuck Norris is the 8th wonder of the world
qdB9he4mRdeh-3jm5KtIRg	Chuck Norris doesn't laugh in the face of danger. He punches it repeatedly until it's the face of fear.
CktaV6IqRTCdj6ReXjKxjw	Lightning never strikes the same place twice, so that it is less likely to be caught by Chuck Norris.
uWIZNxwIREymjuSX7Xg_fA	Zebras were created when Chuck Norris kicked the color out of horses.
bIaVYwbDQ_eS5gy2K1m28w	Chuck Norris has won the fifa world cup 5 times with his game face alone.
dkouK4SZTvyPgXp-RYUaIQ	Chuck Norris taught Dave Hester how and when to say yuuup!
9rqqcar_s5mqpujm0yu5za	For Spring Break '05, Chuck Norris drove to Madagascar, riding a chariot pulled by two electric eels.
EtdtRKxRSQasfdRIncvvbQ	Chuck Norris cannot predict the future; the future just better do what Chuck Norris says.
FYUHAl5VTxqVvTzDiASRGA	South American tribesmen coat their blowdart tips in Chuck Norris' sweat.
Mh_Fg8QWTM-Ur3sEAQ2nFQ	Chuck Norris doesn't nead a gun he just neads a bullet and someone to make him angry
9lt_txy7txscuxsyfhb--g	After taking a steroids test doctors informed Chuck Norris that he had tested positive. He laughed upon receiving this information, and said "of course my urine tested positive, what do you think they make steroids from?"
wvnZEzUgS-ymqY3gYi-ROQ	When Chuck Norris is wrong,he is right,even when he turns left.
oLqLSeHOSZilevi_FEoLhA	Chuck Norris can crush the atom with his bare hands.
AOkjM2-fSjalqzOsyRuLEw	Chuck Norris once rappelled 12,000 ft. down a mountain cliff to save a baby eagle chick that had fallen from its nest. After he returned the chick to its nest, the mother eagle flew in carrying a dead rabbit. Chuck Norris killed her instantly with a karate chop for being neglectful and threw her feathered carcass off the cliff. Then he ripped the rabbit apart with his teeth and lovingly fed the eagle chick mouth to beak. Chuck Norris is epic.
lcrAmageR0-RPeAk_PPceQ	Once back in the 60's Chuck Norris clipped his nails, a scientist found them and reverse engineered them to make Kevlar.
SYTaGU6KTGyMOlILzVWG_A	Chuck Norris can spit calligraphy.
nWDdJLsVT2OScyFx3smKyA	Next to Chuck Norris, the Dos Equis guy is the Least Interesting Man.
1_ExaKo1S9WZ6UQUhLy4xg	Chuck Norris invented tear gas by squeezing the stink out of a skunk.
Zclk4aWeQxeFbcuv1zG7PQ	Chuck norris can logon to a windows desktop without pressing ctrl+alt+delete!
1lqKdidUTLu1pEl4Oow7MA	When Chuck Norris wants something, the person standing next to him better goddamn give it to him within the next two seconds or die by the roundhouse kick.
SnraqmZoR8K7bUggPNpa2A	Typing 'walker' into a search engine will yield more results for 'Paul Walker' than for 'Walker Texas Ranger'. Which is why Chuck Norris murdered him.
3ECuFqukROuJNHAb3aMO-g	When Chuck Norris goes to jail playing monopoly, his racing car starts raping other inmates
SJiRKYIgR46dpWAB_XOXuQ	Chuck Norris once went Mach 17 on a 12 speed with no back tire.
3rfxZXjxRLSkT0qW23pfvg	Chuck Norris can literally turn your ass into grass.
RODanTHKRdC_B8suux9LBA	ChuCk Norris looks better of facebook..
3sSTpO_pR0CS3_wR5ERO2w	Chuck Norris can roundhouse kick the air around him and it bleeds wind.
G64p0lEKS2K9Dxd_QtnU-A	The only way Chuck Norris can die is from a kiss of true love delivered by Richard Simmons.
3xmbM4gbTfmVaWVTD_c-MA	There is a reason why Chuck Norris' farts smell like dead tigers.
5hrvpDCXR9iEdbtyzxIwbw	Brokeback Mountain isn't just a movie, it's also a pile of dead ninjas in Chuck Norris's backyard.
p1bscolyrlg-cviwpkmjba	Pluto is actually an orbiting group of British soldiers from the American Revolution who entered space after the Chuck gave them a roundhouse kick to the face.
jxJXSLnoR0O51I2EJwAVLg	Chuck Norris tracked down the most boring man in the world, punched him in the face, then ordered him to grow a beard and become an alcoholic.
xWRzwuFES-2rkdQG7TV-4A	Chuck Norris was seriously considered for all the major roles in the Avengers movies, except of course the female characters Black Widow and Hawkeye.
Vqwf3gunQC2V6JBgsl0eNQ	When Christopher Columbus first reached the Americas Chuck Norris greeted him with a big ole Texas BBQ.
N-XQsJBQSMOe_3sO9XWEKw	When Chuck Norris plays monopoly he doesn't pay to get a property.
vbCm6LjhSHO_DrbHO4BtQA	Chuck Norris' penis can pleasure itself.
DWkC5Zw_SHSPM7bSJGEeyQ	Chuck Norris is made of violence.
hgKRSLz-TNKzHr59WUxfvQ	Chuck Norris knows what Scotty doesn't.
tpg9R8inQz6l93Qp2OkFWA	Chuck Norris never dances, he prefers roundhouse-kicking.
-W09on6KQiGBgM7Um_ynuA	Chuck Norris doesn't need to vaccume his house, dust refuses to accumulate there.
TLXwQxR-Q1-9uLxv9LjATA	If you blame Chuck Norris, your actually blaming yourself.
5AdmqY9GSDWuQAEPakrOYw	Chuck Norris doesn't smoke cigars. He smokes smoke grenades.
aumT4g99QMqvBJAQ5ut0Lw	If you ever insinuate that bearded men are insecure, the last thing you will ever see is Chuck Norris sprinting toward you.
PzkCj5OyQuSxwOmhfPDiZw	Chuck Norris once farted while he was in New Orleans which caused 300,000 lemmings to become suicidal cliff jumpers.
2nBOSRzlSzWLV8Tw2ia4nQ	Chuck Norris can lick his own elbow
yM8nV5p5RmSgllUkZIgRfQ	Superman has posters of Chuck Norris
Qq8fbtX1SXS7V1e-G87YnA	When Chuck Norris bodysurfs, he uses only the freshest corpses.
v_D5ibluR1GQ5Ebh_zi1wA	Chuck Norris' dinner guests often throw up in their mouths, to savor his fine cooking all over again.
ltY_dNyoRrCqvoWua5BV9Q	Chuck Norris was the only person to ever shoot at Wyatt Earp and not miss. Many Bothans died to bring you this information.
ANPQPp3US-2Okwfj23-Bpg	Chuck Norris is what nightmares have nightmares about.
0P8Xrrc-T8WPHnfY7Ldyyg	Chuck Norris won the showcase on The Price Is Right even after bidding over the actual retail price.
znkm6ggrrf22cnlizfby1a	Chuck Norris can kick through all 6 degrees of separation, hitting anyone, anywhere, in the face, at any time.
98t9pQIsQqqvbIEzjx8Q4g	Chuck Norris has a gentle side and it has only killed 100 ninjas.
Z5EFUsO6T6209X56I4fymA	"Oh, so that's why it has been happening!" said the Coast Guard when he realized that Chuck Norris was born in the bermuda triangle.
Q8zgSiozQhehFbgKNTyfaw	Chuck Norris once played pokemon black, caught a lvl 0 magikarp and beat the whole game
gqU6SbwLRBKMcurATkYj1Q	There is only two wonder in the world Chuck Norris and Chuck Norris' round house kick
9veGz70ITaiX79LaZroK_g	When Chuck Norris jumps in a pool he doesn't get wet the pool gets Chuck Norrised.
F2KvzTFtQlOB7meyjE-Phg	What is the difference between a diamond and Chuck Norris? Well one is the strongest substance on earth, the other is just compressed carbon.
YTh3ytibSM-CIVlEWVCbIA	Chuck Norris only finds M&M's in a bag of Trail Mix.
-Y3UcQEfSXuN6NXgfwRJhw	'Chuck Norris' in Canadian is 'Sasquatch'
D1JcDT75QvqaxlApjlZm5A	Chuck Norris can roundhouse kick you over the internet. Even if your computer is turned off. Or you don't have one.
F1dO2T6dTSO_y4axWqQHMQ	Chuck Norris NEVER calls the cops. The cops call Chuck Norris.
UOotoaVbRSK_VcnmhGmVbA	there is no Global warming. when Chuck Norris farts the globe warms.
sj7Is28sQCmnFQ7uhjGmZg	Chuck Norris briefly replaced Flea in the Red Hot Chili Peppers in the early 80's. He had to wear two socks.
JSupY12RTV6l-W4T7FRL6A	Everybody hates Chris. Except Chuck Norris
_PvjqgUsRkW_BHLR03nNvQ	Chuck Norris dosn't talk to people, he KILLS them   Chuck Norris dosn't neet a friend to have fun.
nh-b9HjySpeRGeHG5qATEQ	Chuck Norris washes his hands in the Pacific ocean, and air dries them in tornadoes.
BJR0ZqdoTRuOpQM-Lpu2gA	Swizerland chose to become neutral in an attempt to always avoid pissing off Chuck Norris.
c7v2vy6nRxWKTKAdL2zinw	IT ONLY TO 1 SHOT FOR CHUCK NORRIS TO BECOME 15 PRESTEIGE
17_vCLQYSOikVFVTEU2GJw	Chuck Norris carved his Thanksgiving turkey with a roundhouse kick.
TUUI3C49TgidSeq2Ev4QlA	Chuck Norris invented the Touch of Death.
M6FloMNJQ3GkZ6O-3dCPmQ	Only Chuck Norris can divide by zero.
i4zAxwdGQ5OIY1wBHNZ6zQ	Chuck Norris owns a chain of toilet companies. When someone used them, instead of taking shit from someone, a foot comes up and ass- rapes them, followed by a roundhouse kick to the face. Nobody ever had the courage to use those toilets again (unless Chuck Norris forces them to!!!!).
ZK1c1mikSCKGC708UUojZg	Chuck Norris discovered a new planet by simply pointing into the night sky and saying "there's one".
Ssja5tzcSuiTeJL4N3WtBg	Before Chuck Norris dunks his doughnut in piping hot coffee, the doughnut hole reconstitutes itself and begs for mercy.
PKKZAq9iSDW3NRomAH6bXg	Every morning Chuck Norris gets up and pisses excellence.
L25-v3XqT42Pyg-yAvibgQ	Chuck Norris has zero-gravity on tap.
CUk3hgSDTWyiQLjk0EEuyw	Chuck Norris was able to jumped the Grand Canyon on his grand-daughter's tricycle.
Uzg55zc-QyW4DN9TSqNnPA	Chuck Norris visited an island and got bad customer service. That place was Atlantis
e6FobZ_aS-CShsk6OHsQ-A	Chuck Norris solved the Riemann hypothesis on an abacus.
xhu2PPhzTGms4kKeyoLl2Q	Chuck Norris is the one that establishes all 'No man's lands'
er5SjvZgTcqNAPIhJd2wHw	Chuck Norris once sang "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star" at a karaoke bar. Understandably, there were no survivors.
iiwSJO6BQSSqJNtpbHkSYw	So far, genealogists have only be able to trace Chuck Norris' ancestry back to Ivan the Terrible.
DaUPbqRVQzy35vYZVzablg	Chuck Norris will spin you right round, baby, right round. Like a record, baby, right round round roundhouse.
--NNbkFgS3u4F8dUKgqlfg	Chuck Norris is the only gynaecologist in the world who received his credentials based solely on his reputation.
4vD-NPpQQJylMzhVXSKMqw	"Death be not proud: you're nowhere near as threatening as Chuck Norris."
qUiNkzrCRwmK8EIbBzt_Ag	Chuck Norris put the I in IPhone with a real human eye
ek9Nok9aSPqwT-DcuSTAEA	Chuck Norris frequently signs up for beginner karate classes so he can accidentally roundhouse kick kids in the neck.
JxQjAOINTXqn9k72M74DCQ	CHUCK NORRIS IS THE REASON HITLER KILLED HIMSELF. HE KNEW HE COULD NOT TAKE OVER THE WORLD WITH HIM STILL IN IT. NOBODY CAN TELL CHUCK WAT TO DO.
x6hL23bhTEK03DUlagsIUQ	Chuck Norris enjoys playing backyard games with his grandchildren. They often play badminton. But instead of using little sissy racquets & a plastic birdie, they use boat oars & dead chickens.
yeqoxPYtQbSeCLXGKz27_w	Chuck Norris can Supercharge an electric car.
vJfrMiagTWmEuNPno1yGHw	Chuck Norris can sing "Yankee Doodle Dandy" in a Jamaican Reggae voice.
sFzpNv2mRJKxEK94L_Z9sw	Chuck Norris was recently inducted to the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame for his superlative rendition of the Iron Butterly hit song, "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida" which he sang while playing his hand made dulcimer.
Asn-XtjlSgegGJs6Lq1HXQ	Chuck Norris dosn't go bungee jumping off of bridges, bridges go bungee jumping off of Chuck Norris.
el4MnJ08S6SIKA7TBJ9nJA	When Chuck Norris tells you something, you fucking pay attention.
cSc9sZg1SF2iQsxV6V1ulQ	For entertainment purposes, Chuck Norris serves rum&coke and spiked punch as refreshments at AA meetings.
lyyuxeoxtwqd-oibq6_zqa	Chuck Norris invented his own type of karate. It's called Chuck-Will-Kill.
ztknzox6RlKnpme1egZtBQ	While having sex, Chuck Norris doesnt use a condom. Because there is no such thing as protection from Chuck Norris
04mI4yRPRW6_2utwhfHYow	Chuck Norris always sees it coming.
YF6DhfKRQlOPgn4kcswbOA	When bored and just for shits and giggles, Chuck Norris likes to walk around skid row with hundred dollar bills hanging out of his pockets.
lDLH2Gv6RGCg3n0zm3iNWA	Oh yeah, Chuck Norris brings it. He will bring it, put it down on the table, open it, get it out and sodomize you with it.
b0n0kbAfSrCAOSd0idWuDw	Chuck Norris once rhymed "pain" with "balls." No one called him on it.
LTOyrZLeRC6kv0RGD4hjWg	Wild horses and bulls TRY to ride chuck Norris
ypTKyGZpSZmb_c1xgVZWew	Chuck Norris knows it's funny until someone gets hurt... THAN IT'S HILARIOUS.
boa13y2fqk-knkj8yuy19w	Little known medical fact: Chuck Norris invented the Caesarean section when he roundhouse-kicked his way out of his monther's womb.
8Z6RYuvHRX65Ga-evndQYA	Chuck Norris can brew coffee out of tea leaves
QGf8wj14St2f5FFdlV393g	Chuck Norris considers Ben Hur to be a midget.
Dhgz3298QZmURBQ6yjyggA	Conor McGregor is Chuck Norris' illegitimate son.
b7VzoAgJQSeOE3Sk8nPJ9A	The Looney Tunes were originally called just The Tunes... until Chuck Norris made them Looney!
LxWu1l_HQcuw7stcyrkBbw	the big bad wolf could not blow down the brick house, Chuck Norris simply held out his fist and the house exploded.
ONLScQF4RIKjrmRArTwWgA	Chuck Norris' tears cure cancer...shame he never cries
b06T1741Tc648I7DYgFj_g	Chuck Norris uses a submarine periscope as a bong.
25vBR41iRNiXVzm_-IGxag	Keith Stone thinks Chuck Norris is smooth.
Dmrl5e0rTgOZGqhjWxyaVQ	Chuck Norris inspired R.Kelly to write the song "I Believe I Can Fly" after he received a roundhouse kick that sent him flying to the moon.
sy2wgYgvQ02nz71pjrVfPw	A little know fact is that ObamaCare pays for Morphine, Oxycontin and reconstructive surgery for those few survivors of a Chuck Norris beating.
TvmvY-VFQ8WNRtxU8LuMdw	Chuck Norris is here to kick ass and take names, but doesn't bother to do that second thing.
3mh87iq4tjysofpmvq75lq	Chuck Norris' sperm can be seen with the naked eye. Each one is the size of a quarter.
TYIIbF4bTEq7q2zQOnHmeg	Chuck Norris can take a selfie with both hands tied behind his back
eJBHrA6ySzWP9jPNctCbAw	Chuck Norris uses an F5 tornado to mop the blood off his palace floors.
8KO_T6TjTRaq5RWXs5g9Vw	Chuck Norris has lesbian tendancies.
hmElPaEiTQGJm53UPhQh7w	Chuck Norris can sing the alphabet from Z to A
AH6GX1FOQWKbnXH75Vn-4A	Chuck Norris once wrote a book. Its called the Bible.
s1oZal0VRtSczQXulYVK4Q	Chuck Norris IS The Real Slim Shady
KL-BH0FPRtW8c54Twv1T1Q	Superman's weakness wasn't kryptonite. It was Chuck Norris.
ucu8M9-7S-K7fJCVTWKhoQ	CHUCK NORRIS ONCE MILKED A COW DRY
_LpONdgHRMWOELnwuHGu1A	Chuck Norris is the anonymous lucky bastard who won the $157 million Lottery jackpot. What are you going to do about it?
5qslE3agRD-JbYrxHjpiKw	Chuck Norris can make your blood bleed, tears cry, and your sweat sweat.
Hspw_OB8T6qJ3BsLEmFKGw	How much wood can a wood Chuck Norris Chuck Norris if a wood Chuck Norris could Chuck Norris wood?
7ver3y48qqsfktpelir7ua	Don't worry about tests, Chuck Norris's test cases cover your code too.
x5whniztqdancooc9w-ggg	Chuck Norris invented the bolt-action rifle, liquor, sexual intercourse, and football-- in that order.
TM0fZLHPRmC-JixuklrchQ	Chuck Norris never has to rake leaves off his lawn. No tree that wants to continue to live dares shed its leaves on the property of Chuck Norris.
FOJ8nKRhRc6ByaULc7CKSA	Osama, Gaddhafi, and Kim Jong IL, died in 2011 because they forgot to pay tribute to CHUCK NORRIS!
KW2wW0uwQCmuWofJR5v-Dg	Chuck Norris can unhinge his jaw, to better facilitate swallowing things whole.
14KfTBSXStCop3I8qRaidw	Chuck Norris once went into target to buy a target for his target shooting practice, but couldn't find one. So he had no choice but to used the store.
Qiho74BiRxyanfce_2PCuA	Chuck Norris once made a mirror break just by beating up a person in front of it
yA0OsDLaSEWngtzZQfCK6A	Chuck Norris has six assholes. And even he will need them all to shit enough corn & peanuts infused feces on the U.S. House of Representatives.
u7r3L0OXRN6JuKpaoM3iJg	You've heard of Mount Everest. It's actually a pile of dead people in Chuck Norris' back yard.
hLUgZzBvQSeYL21aWrjPcA	If you see Chuck Norris fighting a bear, don't help Chuck Norris, help the bear. "
Sbe4t9AfT6aMvmgVphc7Ng	Chuck Norris once knocked himself out with his own line drive when he slid into second.
QbAbT3ZHQlySm31MhlDelg	Gary Neville can kick a football 200meters, to out do Garry Chuck Norris kicked phill Neville 300 meters
kCKncKP3TUai-BuYoLfkKw	The guy that God prays to goes to Chuck Norris for forgiveness!
aIwBbMfwTLeKuv90lQhxTg	Just a little over 50 years ago, Chuck Norris once helped President Kennedy mount a horse when they went horseback riding in Texas. He didn't later help Jack off the horse.
GdEH64AkS9qEQCmqMwM2Rg	Chuck Norris knows how to say souffle in the French language.
P-kvt-XNT5SDFdAVJaDuRw	Chuck Norris calls creditors..they always pay
V3lleCmASGu56T57EvEvpA	The only reason Chuck Norris didn't win an Oscar for his performance in "Sidekicks" is because nobody in their right mind would willingly give Chuck Norris a blunt metal object. That's just suicide
4qhv851kQE6he3dc2bftpg	"On 21 december 2012 Chuck Norris will align the planets and cause a poleshift."
koXX1teXTa6vl5hid6rfxQ	Chuck Norris starred in all the 6 Star Wars&#65279; films... as the Force.
p82cL1gIQNufGztUb_B3Hw	Chuck Norris can lick his own elbows...both...at the same time
CiR5eP0iQxSUcsf30G-rgg	In museums, Chuck Norris is allowed to touch the artifacts.
wm9cD94VQCWwFBQS75juFw	Did you ever think at random "hey I feel like I already been through this in past" where you actually haven't? It's just chuck Norris rewinding life so he can watch it again.
MnbaYPjZRLOV9AODFVZ41A	Chuck Norris sprinkles iron filings on his cappacinos.
1KStppx0R4K7VwQkoGfKqg	Chuck Norris once made a classical music station play the theme to "Walker: Texas Ranger" for 12 straight hours.
wNubD0vrQ-OCZFjBQUDOKA	Jesus Walked on water. Chuck Norris Swam on land
n3hTRfIcS3GdvdHyEGuelQ	Tim Leatherman, inventer of the Leatherman multitool carries a Chuck Norris Tool.
EvqTpANpT5y8whxo7R3AuA	Chuck Norris can smell your fear just by looking at you.
HHnJOlPzSwKVQIqMIMZc2w	the fountain of youth is actually Chuck Norris' lavatory
ZMigfUhkS9yjGvZ63H5oIg	Remember the Where's Waldo craze back in the '90s?  Chuck Norris found him.  He is no more.
sqxEpNy-Td6xAzjqIm_M1g	Chuck Norris gives the same Christmas gift every year: he lets you live.
rBOPF3bYRN6S6P2Y2ZCCWw	Chuck Norris can blow-out a volcano.
cTAFXz06TzShttneqURILA	Chuck Norris pisses on birds
s_akNmy_Rn2Q_mBZllZS6Q	Chuck Norris was the Fourth Wiseman. He gave Baby Jesus the gift of Beard. Jesus loved it so much the other Wisemen were jealous of his obvious gift favoritism. They then used their combined influence to have Chuck Norris omitted from the Bible. All three later died mysteriously from roundhouse-kick related issues.
1nX6sqIXSJqffObES5aK1g	MUGEN's several depictions of Chuck Norris are actually based on strands of Chuck Norris's beard.
xqBqGOvST6mkKdZDmBaIHQ	Chuck Norris went ice fishing and caught an igloo, the Titanic iceberg and a dead Polar Bear.
4mbucvcaSxmokNzDDjTV6A	Chuck Norris can ride a bike. Without getting on.
8dCpQlejSKGVEd09FqOkbQ	Only diamonds can cut diamonds, but only Chuck Norris can mould them like clay.
jP8vmzWUSM6Rlcgr0hYCtA	Chuck Norris delights in having BLT sandwiches for lunch! But understandably his BLT's are made of Barracuda, Leaches & Tarantulas nn buttered Texas Toast.
ysmZKewGRzCvUHb6EMn9KQ	Chuck Norris "Hit the Road" and came back
r4ac4izrrte97luheuytmg	Contrary to popular belief, the Titanic didn't hit an iceberg. The ship was off course and ran into Chuck Norris while he was doing the backstroke across the Atlantic.
QXcR-kNdSWqNtMxDlcfpUg	Chuck Norris IS the father of every single one of Maury Povich's guest's children. The "possible fathers" are also Chuck's children.
OnjreHNJSVCo7NuWGFwpRQ	SpongeBob SquarePants has been expunged by Chuck Norris.
wxE0WJDeQDefb78NM7CrkQ	Chuck Norris can make his penis 10 feet long... by folding it in half.
_Cm5rdDfQiWHP7MvTvuGDQ	Chuck Norris can ride a wheely on a unicycle.     Chuck Norris can do a hand stand on his feet.
W1n3uImxTM6waApTkX86jQ	Chuck Norris drinks 5 hour energy drinks to help him relax.
e3n-xmY0Qoir2Mv0AKPQxg	The Kool-Aid Pitcherman busted through the wall of Chuck Norris' livingroom and said, "OH NOOOOOOOO!".
kQzsSQPzR1G5eTpNrC5Pdg	Most families play badminton with a racquet and a small feathered birdie. Chuck Norris' family often play badminton using a manhole cover and an ostrich carcass.
-fGbHK03Qc2xccXbtJmoDQ	There is no "i" in team, because Chuck Norris gouged it out.
oY8Z12DqS6qun-AQFQW8Vg	Chuck Norris pulls the gernade and throws the pin, on purpose...
Q9g2tiFeQ1OVmx7aioXLNw	Once Freddy Kreuger went to Texas, Chuck Norris appeared in his nightmares
53jzk4CfQiK8ktnbhlINiA	Chuck Norris recently shot a 59 for a round of golf using a hockey stick and a super ball.
Lg5IaoVHS6uxjyqQD9xCkA	Chuck Norris don't wait for Santa Clause,Santa Clause waits for Chuck Norris.
vefK4SK9Qba4GGJilCVwfQ	Chuck Norris' dog once ran into the street, and a car got ran over by it
LqgV6Sb9STShHVbNxIQJ8g	Satan himself is a massive Chuck Norris fan, but Chuck made him member #777 just to piss him off.
XNJiCrY1RNiZTcWMaHI2rg	Chuck Norris' copy of IE6 can render transparent PNGs correctly.
vhnEy3xtT7S4KspEU6efkg	Chuck Norris ate Hannibal Lecter
BcuBvmHDR6StWVtBz2X3WA	Chuck Norris is so much if a man that he sees everybody as a woman
7kGIhKP-T96ajacFtj5-MQ	if a tree falls in the forest and Chuck Norris is around does he make a sound when he is killing your family
gdQiQffNQN-ZsL1tTIh5YQ	What goes on in Vegas stays in Vegas. What goes on in Chuck Norris' bedroom will haunt your dreams forever.
Y8Y-CPXyS1O5dCYSrtYLEQ	Chuck Norris created Hugh Jackman Jokes so he would stop getting fan mail. Needless to say, it didn't work.
pCgbREcwRGKI6BZTiJvNWg	Chuck Norris once ran a one-minute mile. He did it dragging an 18-wheeler while running in a field of wet cement.
T_3Y8b0KQzWHbYlwuq8qeg	Light travels at 186,000 miles per second to run away from Chuck Norris.
Ep9VjHXHQgilRAFPprwKAA	Chuck Norris doesn't take bath, he sheds his skin twice a year.
zuTfmhrcQgqi0nAip08vsw	Chuck Norris is so fast that he can use the earths rotation as a tredmill.
rfgBofXNTi2KOf4edzsGvw	Chuck Norris invented roundhouse kicking season
dtmvzQfTRs267dnU8MZHTA	Vampires travel by night because Chuck Norris travels by day.
nHkR_6YUSgWrwFaVXyzgPg	Chuck Norris' accent wears a tuxedo.
g6zA_Zs2R_eVoTI57ZpZ0A	Chuck Norris doesn't care about complex numbers ... nothing is complex for him!
xn9rVSd2S2-siQvwBVpReQ	Confucius say: Wise man never stand infront of bull, never stand behind mule, never stand infront or behind Chuck Norris.
GOClenAnSh6hcLwd6f8btw	Chuck norris can mxit on a public phone
e3cfSdJSSQm_Cw7MtXwrlg	When Chuck Norris was born he roundhouse kicked his way out of the womb
6iuj9CJoTTWVkCdR27pvLA	Chuck Norris was recently on safari in Africa when a savage lion mauling occurred. The lion died an hour later and never should have been stupid enough to irritate Chuck.
Ir4lPeomRR2sI2bxz_E_1w	Chuck Norris put the homo in homo sapiens. Needless to say, he's not human.
F5p1b25AQqa2k5Hy1bd31Q	Chuck Norris does not age. Every birthday, it's just another year added to his existence, which sucks for you.
w7YtvhKkQsGhFXGu9k9hZA	Chuck Norris' cat has 10 lives. Chuck Norris has 346,903. He's still on life #1 and so is his 97 yr old cat.
lQsTmAoKQkqug_ETYvd4Og	When you yell Chuck Norris out a window, he can hear you. But when you yell out Bloody Mary, he finds and kills you.
oWPokmKtReuzQKDv6fR6wA	Brick shithouses are built like Chuck Norris.
81bbGmuCTxCKkIHbB5sa1g	The Internet Movie Database reports that Chuck Norris has appeared in 38 films to date. This of course doesn't count the literally thousands of porno and snuff movies Chuck Norris has starred in and/or directed.
sOXhXmMET7yTc00WYeOK-Q	If you've met a woman with crooked teeth, you've met a woman who has given Chuck Norris a blowjob.
E-6Jd4jeTq-RtGUoBQQYBQ	Chuck Norris does not get frostbite. Chuck Norris bites frost
4uqhu_nmtncleixytkl0pq	A man once taunted Chuck Norris with a bag of Lay's potato chips, saying "Betcha can't eat just one!" Chuck Norris proceeded to eat the chips, the bag, and the man in one deft move.
-jHc9HCzSISZnCyVFJIzHw	Chuck Norris drinks food.
7F5dkgpkQMqnl30le_y3vw	Chuck Norris skipped all grades simultaneously, including college. When he was two.
3EgTmatjRGefFnvO24xxGA	Superman is faster then a speeding bullet,Chuck Norris is faster then the speed of light
vHifE0qvR7y-rbStHCThMA	Chuck Norris' go-cart is tricked out with twin gatling guns, stinger missiles, an 8,000 horsepower engine and a state-of-th-art sound system. And it can fly.
NhalBjqFS6COQsskeoWhOQ	Chuck Norris can create a rock so heavy that he couldn't lift it, and then lift it.
nRKc0qCYSveRelTyXvUOBQ	Chuck Norris doesn't pole dance because the pole dances around him.
h8fvvdsptkqeb9jxctwnpg	A study showed the leading causes of death in the United States are: 1. Heart disease, 2. Chuck Norris, 3. Cancer
qPJ68d3cQXa7SO8obQKOrg	When chuck Norris stands in front of a mirror, the mirror breaks because the mirror knows not to stand between chuck Norris and chuck Norris.
FqpAEwrQTb6Q90M3_zzGTw	When Chuck Norris plays pokemon red, his starter pokemon choices are: Darkrai, Arceus, and Missingno. He, of course, takes them all and is ALREADY a pokemon champion.
_nqSKoD0TvmvBYF_PqiKRg	Chuck Norris does not believe in discrimination based on sex, age, race, religion, culture or geography - when it comes to his roundhouse kicks.
0v-8S0m9R4KYUDzDRcmrxQ	'lizards use to be dinosaurs, untill Chuck Norris kicked the height outta them'.
j8zu_3H6Qf-GbPDgPyYi3Q	Facebook as got a Chuck Norris account
Nf8rEA-eTVOANlJiJ9Ir0Q	Chuck Norris can break your neck with his tongue, tear your heart out with his eyelashes and kick you in the dick with enough force to leave a mushroom-shaped hole in the brick wall behind you.
k2edfs9vtaqtrdn4sj7wlg	The pie scene in "American Pie" is based on a dare Chuck Norris took when he was younger. However, in Chuck Norris' case, the "pie" was the molten crater of an active volcano.
Y-ys0C21THSqDFzf9sM5aQ	Chuck Norris coined the phrase "coined the phrase"
doNwkWh9Rjaa2EzNKoLA7A	Chuck Norris once shot down a German fighter plane with his finger, by yelling, "Bang!"
N7NvnKtXS0mxmgbs_6a0Dw	Chuck Norris slaughtered Paul McCartney back in '67 and replaced him with a cyborg.
RMq-I4AJQvmza7xjUXD3Vw	It is said you can't know someone until you walk a mile in their shoes. This means no one will ever know Chuck Norris because he'd kill you if you touched his shoes.
zjZA0fkJR8SnZ8-6ds_KOg	Chuck Norris' first word was 'apocalypse'.
Pzsihw8PQvm2BpWChJ-07Q	Chuck Norris once pissed in a man's beer bottle and made him drink it. That man is now known as "the most intersting man in the world".
tTYSGkVLReiwoyZxCpRuBQ	quick how do u spell Chuck Norris ..............  in that time you would already be dead by a roundhouse kick to the face twenty times before you get to c
ozBprDtISDG31o6BU-EKDg	In Texas they give the condemned inmate on death row an option..firing squad or Chuck Norris.
iPmKYyo5QM23Wx36vcOB8A	Chuck Norris once completed a perfect swan dive in tuck position from the high dive into an empty swimming pool.
Ctin84C_QwKk38Y4V2be9g	In celebration of this, Chuck Norris fact #5,000, Sir Chuck Norris, Phd, gave himself a rare afternoon off. He spent it by breaking into the White House and scaring the shit out of Barack again. He loves to do that.
v5bjnMaRTk2dW3lCGAfkVQ	Ok im back. Chuck Norris was secretly included for Mortal Kombat X. The developers then changed their minds and removed him because 1 hit from Chuck Norris= a fatality.
8mTNgFdbTl6mLgNlgSJKDA	Chuck Norris crouches down, puts his head between his legs, and charges up his super-sonic spin attack that can kill instantly and destroy whole buildings. That's how he rolls.
ybGSMZCJSc2WTKgnrhlw8Q	Chuck Norris can cut a knife with a stick of butter
x3uTcfDKRMu7JQbYzLHgfA	Chuck Norris listens to his music in 4D
hC7FGerlSke5oFNZW7Brug	Chuck norris eats coal and shits out diamonds.
ojt1AycKTRKQYP5XcMja-Q	Chuck Norris doesn't bench press weight sets, he bench presses FREIGHT TRAINS!
FUqiQ_yxT5Gy3TJzt4r6ag	When James Cameron reached the deepest point on Earth at Mariana Trench, he saw no signs of life there except for some tiny shrimp-like creatures and Chuck Norris meditating on the ocean floor.
3mzXVKFzTRuBHC9WOYOb2Q	Chuck Norris is the greater of two evils.
K6xD8c8YTA-jgL0Yi-pINQ	The song "Final Countdown" is about a man's last second after being roundhouse kicked by Chuck Norris.
LC-8TkajS_-rV115FSj0ww	Chuck Norris' RV has a tractor beam.
x96prAY6Qy6G60GXGY_0wg	Chuck Norris does not need air from the trees because his lungs generate their own air out of fear.
Ho30_152TIuDnjc7IbJOSQ	how much wood would a wood chuck chuck if the wood chuck was Chuck Norris...all of it...and them some.
-qSjCiMpQxCBV2Xo-EtEXA	This Halloween, Miley Cyrus wants to go Twerk or Treating at Chuck Norris' house. Epic failure!
cueg2RtnSkSYJnaiTiWs8Q	Chuck Norris can kill Weegee (a evil invincable clone of luigi) in 1 roundhousekick
5eC99RVvSBGgbjYgSOk-6g	Chuck Norris scratches that hard-to-reach spot on his back with his chin stubble.
RAImwje8QciIoYQg_MgIUg	Chuck Norris smokes chains.
68b6ay6WQMG4Dju2FjspUA	There is no Zool. Only Chuck Norris.
4KW1EwxpQV6rd5fevBkfIw	Chuck Norris can make water cry.
gbPK4GjuRludbMyx-CWAcQ	Chuck Norris' beard's beard's beard has a beard
xk_Wkn6ZRW6EnM1tbgLciQ	Chuck Norris can set fire to a magnifying glass with an ant.
R55uzYlySNGawd5gdctDvw	Four score and seven years ago... Chuck Norris drank a barrel of mead and roundhouse kicked the shit outta some mutton chop-wearing assholes.
Cz-vZtM5QrGBMoUSGevGuA	Chuck Norris is my nigga
UuuW4pG7SPStgiYZPo9FKQ	Chuck Norris can fly upside down in a jet pack.
UgADiz2OQEGP7v4Sd6G7Rg	Chuck Norris can sharpen a pencil by sticking it into his ear.
31lwNbrVS3GI-j3PAxIQig	Chuck Norris always takes ice-cold showers, and he still steams up the bathroom.
whbdNRLVQXi9J1FNHiDURg	Children of cannibals think Chuck Norris is the Easter Bunny.
ZhWrauXnRzSlQJzxMteoxQ	when he was a kid, chuck Norris sold lemonade. and he charge a "arm and a leg" for it, literaly!
o3U3rm7jQtml3Q0uY4OX5g	Ben Franklin discovered Electricity after Chuck Norris tolf him to "Go fly a Kite!"
quQ0YJfSRCKRqQIhau_tZg	A black hole singularity is actually the end result of a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick.
2I8V9FIeT6WrproThycDZw	Chuck Norris once pissed into a petrol truck....that truck is now known as Optimus Prime.
KCm7Zq7LRhmk5LzsfHyUbw	Chuck Norris is Death of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse. He kills by the grace of the roundhouse kick, and he rides a bull. The others dare not question him.
IgwJ-59FTgKVHgdmFo40-w	Chuck Norris has slapped a load of ass in his day. And by 'his day', he always means today.
HkkP_TFbQMSy3Vf4yE4PsA	Chuck Norris can kill a grizzly-bear with its own teeth.
-pv56JnNTDiC0Gr1M1MLkQ	Chuck Norris won the 1984 tour de France on a tricycle....backwards.....and no wheels.
1jjfyHHMSeijn5OgmNDWBg	Chuck Norris won't die. He will merely return to heaven to reclaim the seat he let God borrow.
6sdLQK_HS8SVXulwT0ndJA	Chuck Norris' favorite flavor of Kool-Aid is Budweiser.
uYhn8FJBRWGITNEP47MEtg	CHUCK NORRIS ONCE SMOKE OG KUSH HEROIN,PCP,METH,COCAINE,ACID ,MUSHROOMS,AND SALVIA ROLLED UP IN A BLUNT AND STILL DROVE A CAR AND TRACTOR AND STARTED CRUISING IN A BIG RIG TO VEGAS IN 1 HOUR....
INVhUZOhQUOCZFSZbqRcSQ	Chuck Norris now owns a miniature giraffe. Epic Win is now a quadriplegic. Any questions?
wcvwv4wqskiibuicsabncq	When Chuck Norris talks, everybody listens. And dies.
VH4H6LVvTjyJKNRAoqABmA	Taylor Swift used to be named Taylor Lethargic before Chuck Norris devirginised her.
QP_esj66TTiqH5m4NTPglg	Chuck Norris once made a cannibal eat a bowl of creamed asparagus soup.
rAdErZveR4mP_QkJ810-5g	Chuck Norris doesn't cry over spilled milk, because it was his roundhouse kick that split the cow in half.
BGqG-h5kQjuOyF2QWsOFwA	The reason why Edward left Bella in "the new moon" was because Chuck Norris was after him. Later on, Bella went to have sex with Chuck Norris
4MhbKNFDSfuEzUr7N5oHow	You can rearrange the letters in "Chuck Norris" to spell "Roundhouses".
359ti8ofstyigqyh5nphnq	Chuck Norris began selling the Total Gym as an ill-fated attempt to make his day-to-day opponents less laughably pathetic.
NIXTIBTnRTGcuz38yao-3g	the temperature of hell is EXACTLY half that of Chuck Norris's sauna
K4_b-yTOQ6GAPsaPF788kQ	Earthquakes are borne from tectonic plates trembling from severe trepidation of Chuck Norris.
b_lliJw2R-GKIhr7v-_HHA	Chuck Norris' heartbeat is dubstep
DQ_oG-HWT_uk3aLieS5U0Q	The Large Hadron Collider capable of destroying a planet, broke down after it collided with Chuck Norris.
pYt9of-uQPqyPhk85Z-zUA	If Chuck Norris were a PC or Mac he'd be a Mac because you can't play games with Chuck Norris
m3XrLavlSFGk6105WxV-Kg	Most folks play badminton with a racquet and a birdy. Chuck Norris plays badminton with a boat oar and a dead chicken.
fFnBLZulTq2PLspfycYYFA	Chuck Norris always gives you one phone call. Heh.
3EOemsGMSEKttDnddHyi9A	Other than having experienced an actual sexual encounter with Chuck Norris, the only thing that can possibly match & satisfy women is a mail order device aptly called an Anal Intruder which exhibits a Roto Rooter twirling action.
cCWxLvUESRSobz7SvmcTjg	Pediatricians and researches are unsure what causes colic in infants. A leading theory on its cause is infants are ruminating over the wrath of Chuck Norris.
zFHzr7zSRbeRSoWyNnGk4g	Chuck Norris fart is a powerfull letal gas, no one lives.
iww-V4T7Sz-pLXUK9KNfPw	Chuck Norris is Luke Skywalker's real father.
_x1zyhYNRsOW9fNKSyD7FA	The F1 button on Chuck Norris' computer works.
25piNleHQaeXfq2yxe-w6g	Microsoft has made available a new outeractive smartphone app for bullied jr high school dorks and college geeks. It's called the Chuck Norris app. Push the app icon and a Chuck Norris fist explodes from the smartphone and lands squarely upon the soon to be bloody nose of the nearest bully.
dwnlop2rqbiz5d1zig2opq	Scientifically speaking, it is impossible to charge Chuck Norris with "obstruction of justice." This is because even Chuck Norris cannot be in two places at the same time.
0iQYxWhnRy2FIbGVvOOc7g	Chuck Norris is allowed to have pudding without eating his meat.
zXNsA6A3TGCda7THrR9jhw	What's the difference between Jam and Jelly? Chuck Norris CANNOT Jelly his fist up your ass
Q07KF-NyRb2WhceeqPvOzw	Chuck Norrisis the only person who can totally understand Snoop Dogg's 'nizzle fizzle' shit.
d8G9w26LQ0GLPGS2CknBhg	Chuck Norris is, and has always been where it's at.
Hq-7FFvnTQC0b3j4eu6iWA	Chuck Norris invented impaling when his kindergarten teacher tried to make him stop fingerpaiting while he happened to be using red fingerpaint. Coincidentally , his fondness for blood can also be traced back to the same day.
8gZ6gZhESny86ndeMufD7w	Jesus walked on water....Chuck Norris walked on Jesus
v_4RckQLSGG_F-zrdGtoFA	When life gives you lemons, you make lemonade. When life gives Chuck Norris lemons, he makes apple juice.
jVdPAPXNThWxIpXU8uuQZA	Chuck Norris' parents WERE the unstoppable force and the immovable object.
SDi-8OBvSiaoG7yY4DmAag	Chuck Norris hates land mines because everytime he steps on one he has to go out buy a new pair of boots.
_Nz7ejobQRmQX7Er04tJwQ	Chuck Norris killed both Biggie AND 'Pac
AvlUuhigTt2HrsL5wAEdEA	Chuck Norris dick is so hard that it can drill through steel.
zQWPDlbDTrKUU-FJpYy--g	Chuck Norris won a stareing contest in his sleep.
boaWowX4TfGtF3iARoFhMw	How much wood can a woodchuck chuck, if a woodchuck chuck could chuck wood?  This question is irrelevant. A relevant question would be "How many trees can Chuck Norris kick the woodchuck through"?
kWTabh87Rj2zZgnRfpGG7A	Chuck Norris recently whipped the SHIT outta Quinten Tarantino
F_aU5rq7RFqbbrV7XWM3wg	Chuck Norris doesn't buy shoes; they grow out of his feet.
x5h6u2urtnea6i5b4dfaxa	4 out of 5 doctors fail to recommend Chuck Norris as a solution to most problems. Also, 80% of doctors die unexplained, needlessly brutal deaths.
vVuxCOO5RU-5ISR7BF754g	Sharks have a whole week dedicated to Chuck Norris.
GvdVx7vQTPqIZH72yH6F8g	Chuck Norris does not make new year resolutions the new year makes Chuck Norris resolutions.
yvnQKCwxRkO-mLEdwxRGBA	Orange Bird is both the smallest and largest bird in Angry Birds Theme 18-2. Chuck Norris has both the smallest and largest 8=D.
mgdb9q1wqb6_gurzp_5bga	Chuck Norris writes code that optimizes itself.
-Yfa17sHSWO5FiA1uSs6wA	If you dare to look at Chuck Norris' snakeskin boots, you will get a case of bleeding hemorrhoids before kicks them up your ass.
45PeRjDOQzen-2_9c28bpQ	Chumbawumba found out the hard way you don't get up again after Chuck Norris knocks you down.
1pjrwjLRQ2a_aDjTvEFcgg	Chuck Norris roundhouse-kicks saplings. This is because the saplings will turn into trees the instant after he does that.
ihYDJ5NcT4mgj1vN5taKVQ	Chuck Norris can milk a bucket with a cow.
Svzqw_7RR1iUGGk36UnJ-g	Ricky Bobby said, "If your not first your last." Chuck Norris said, "If your not Chuck Norris, You're dead.
8LsX4Es8RHS6LxvlAqh9Zw	Chuck Norris can cure ADD with a simple glance of disapproval.
zVqIfCpYRUi0p4kW069mew	Chuck Norris happened to bump into a tower with his erection during a visit to Pisa, Italy. This tower is now called the leaning tower of Pisa.
5WvUzq3eRGWB1aMMpEQKfw	Chuck Norris can keep any character played by Sean Bean alive.
ehvt5sspq9ytmr7q1mpjiw	Chuck Norris solved the Travelling Salesman problem in O(1) time. Here's the pseudo-code: Break salesman into N pieces. Kick each piece to a different city.
crvEXdYAScKBMc5_dG2UKA	If you want to know if something is funny, just ask Chuck Norris. If he laughs, it's funny. If he doesn't, prepare to die, because you wasted his time.
ZX3VWoEGSNCKwPnTsARbig	Chuck Norris went to walmart once to buy a new laptop. they told him which was the best price. it was the $9.99 so chuck roundhouse kicked them and said i never asked for the price
o4ssyRkjTue6WtaE-yhSWQ	If suddenly the world was taken over by aliens...everyone would be made their slaves and Chuck Norris would be made their king, no questions asked.
H4fsRaxFT5uMdXLHHlcTCw	Chuck Norris. A man whose face alone is terrifying enough to make your chest hair commit suicide.
AAEO2J3xR_if-l6QdCYIgw	Old MacDonald had a farm, EIEIO. Chuck Norris puched him in the face, EIEIO. That's what made Old MacDonald get dyslexia, OIEIE.
2XOWRiarQ16vDJfHD7Mg7A	Chuck Norris had to stop setting his phone to vibrate, the earthqaukes where killing people.
FldshN6iRyS9CDN_bOrXKg	Chuck Norris tears the divider out.
st3kx2PLTcu6o4oUUpzABA	Who are the gay dudes talking shit about Chuck Norris?
6Z-qVFijSgi9lxcUHZ3T3Q	Do you know why Diablo 3 delayed over and over again? Because Diablo is too scared of Chuck Norris.
GAR2FBVXT9y6kjDCzRtU4g	Chuck Norris once scared a cancer patient out of dying
karjaj0btykg286oyjd5pq	Chuck Norris doesn't wash his clothes. He disembowels them.
NpAoxqyWRXiibBuMHJgzfw	Chuck Norris always has sex on the first date. Always.
OERBrE0iT5a2uu5yTPtlmQ	Chuck Norris does not use a calendar, he decides which year it is.
X0u22ehwSrSN-uQMC1qBog	The idea of Pepsi came to fruition when Chuck Norris micturated in a can.  The idea of Crystal Pepsi came to fruition when Chuck Norris drank lots of water one day and pissed in a bottle.
rlra7cwks9y5vqwuzz8osq	"Let the Bodies Hit the Floor" was originally written as Chuck Norris' theme song.
abGSW5n4QaqV0eWJa48zWg	Chuck Norris is the greatest matador who ever lived.
medf6licr1kzvma_mo_r4a	Chuck Norris doesn't need an OS.
_QEzx__9Q_WKMr53WzLOsQ	According to 987 of 1,000 women surveyed, Chuck Norris' penis tastes most like a raspberry lollipop. The other 13 surveyed said they wound up with splinters in their mouth.
XDWvPJHrRWClsQCJEjIFwQ	Chuck Norris won the 1983 World Series of Poker despite holding only a Joker, a Get out of jail free Monopoly card, a 2 of clubs, 7 of spades and a green No.4 Uno card.
cuLLs-WNRKK9Zdx6_RGZQA	Never say that your life is hard... Chuck Norris wakes up with a dick harder than your pathetic life
6org40n5qlexn6sp0edmiw	One time, Chuck Norris accidentally stubbed his toe. It destroyed the entire state of Ohio.
ZNM24KLPSZiy4EM3UF26nQ	If you repeatedly say Chuck Norris 10 times....you explode.
duZi4UQrQXyQSk-aZuReUQ	Chuck Norris can roundhouse kick you around the world.
k7N24hUgRee_VgHlv-AIpQ	Chuck Norris will kick your ass by way of your head.
E4cTkg9JRUKdjCQh4CTpNA	Chuck Norris once acquired two Harley-Davidsons by Karate-chopping a muscle car in half.
-XRNV51HQ-OrbAxN_u1mkw	Chuck Norris's Piss can be used as a preworkout!
gnhy8H9sT4C7frFgFuBPhQ	Remember the big bang theory, that day Chuck Norris got pissed.
yIcNUKzBQUu7BiZPZ5YYVQ	Chuck Norris' childhood hero was himself.
gumNVJBvQsuJsf_ELVc6-Q	Long ago, Jesus turned water into wine, but then Chuck Norris turned that wine into beer.
x-7AsA5NQsqCBejbbb8Ysw	Chuck Norris is the only person to whom God has said," I did not know that!"
s4gbskbvscsc4zzybwhh3q	Jean-Claude Van Damme once kicked Chuck Norris' ass. He was then awakened from his dream by a roundhouse kick to the face.
iDngwKzLQmKjeQZmhmkUEQ	Chuck Norris would have built Rome in less than a day.
HJ3zBfG4TdWen7di--00DA	i just died Chuck Norris
qnYHpr5QSpWp5tq7FQ2Xow	If Chuck Norris round-house kicks you, you will die. If Chuck Norris' misses you with the round-house kick, the wind behind the kick will tear out your pancreas.
5VKCu8Q1RTm6iggL6N5B6A	CHUCK NORRIS LIKES GREEN EGGS AND HAM FOR MARTHUR LUTHER KING DAY
2Q9jTahRS2Kbv5LMPK_-Jw	If chuck Norris were rea he would roundhouse kick me in the face befor I ekfvievheidciejdnckejdnjcknendc.
VvqjMIOxTyOfYeMqSIK7IQ	Chuck Norris made the president of the feminist movement his beer wench.
awHaUKmYQqi3Xmtu76VLTQ	Chuck Norris cat tie his shoes without laces
I1-ss-EWRsilcCXpsABYWQ	Chuck Norris has the heart of a lion. He keeps it in a shoebox under his bed.
umwzezi7siitlteg3jiyiw	Nagasaki never had a bomb dropped on it. Chuck Norris jumped out of a plane and punched the ground
WRnaOa6sR4GClPlV7KSj2A	a black hole ones attempted to suck in Chuck Norris but instead Chuck Norris sucked in the black hole
nz2yLsJgSOyIqq5kQPqK7w	Chuck Norris don't lay down the law - he picks it up and inserts it in you.
KSJ7Z1yeThapXEtZMAGrOA	I found Waldo too bad he is in Chuck Norris beard
gnLLJRqoQQSYKVywag9Yzg	Chuck Norris has survived in every possible geographic location on Earth, as well as 7 on the moon and 2 on Mars.
wxh5wOq6S2G_kaWFtqqCNA	Sometimes it's hard to see Chuck Norris for all the steam rising from his 'nads.
mopRhBnBQG-L8ybOl-LfLQ	Chuck Norris can be gay. He is.
9v92btFYTcWHJh1VuALeeg	Chuck Norris can't live forever, forever died two years ago.
f5hocTW4S6iRg9DbY-sUdQ	Chuck Norris does not dodge bullets, bullets dodge him out of fear.
O5w1tBiLT3SyNdElVPwItQ	There are no lines on Chuck Norris' palms. He decides his own fate - and others'.
CEOz-EGqRbeUkqrquvQu3g	One night Ice Cube and Snoop Dog saw Chuck Norris walking the streets of Compton, so they "anonymously" called the police.
luriXjQZSUC6s2AZ0nKM5A	Chuck Norris loves horses .... With ketchup and onions .
b2dkitmetzeznknk_rrdka	That's not Chuck Norris doing push-ups -- that's Chuck Norris moving the Earth away from the path of a deadly asteroid.
Q6sLAlQbROe9BWdQxpVbYw	Chuck Norris can explain Integration by substituion to toddlers - and they understand it.
r6ygrKaoQV-wQNeAd9cCPw	Chuck Norris wrote the songs "Stairway to Heaven" and "Paradise to City" cos he was bored.
qI-Vt0vXT-GNckw_yF9Qhw	Duke Nukem was based on Chuck Norris.
x62RlLcTRP2DXTgJk3ol9w	Chuck Norris shot the sheriff, killed Kenny, and killed Mr. Boddy in the hall with a roundhouse kick.
sXrN5MzUTjGdRgstEELAuQ	As a toddler, little Chuck Norris would cut the paper into star shapes with a pair of hedge clippers.
ccSVmOjtSnWG9by_sqLZVA	Every once in awhile Chuck Norris goes on vacation to asia or the Middle-East. While there he usually gets into a bar-fight. Afterwards, this is remembered as a "war"
8oHAP5zHQ7uAJqQ_6kg3Rg	Chuck Norris can make a silk purse out of a sow's ear.
aYhzsa2AS-mlZhe0e85UYg	Chuck Norris was born 9 months before his mother got pregnant.
VpwD1dppShKJlL3FR2WrTw	Chuck Norris is so hot that his fists have sex with his dick.
GWG6kx_TRgCCwQIq3mOgCQ	Chuck Norris can talk on the phone while he's getting a blowjob.
68p06A4JTFaxwJD2vPlWYQ	Chuck Norris knows exactly how many licks it takes to reach the center of a tootsipop.
IUrI8pYsQWCC675cJA_8Kg	Usain Bolt once ran against Chuck Norris in a 40 yard dash. Bolt had a 20 yard head start. Chuck Norris won by 5 yards.
DausUbXjSvCxMp58AV5zeA	We all know that any mortal punching Chuck Norris' chin is just pressing the big red "Please Notice and Flatten Me Now" button hidden under his beard.
LC7CrYXvTXm2tYIVPYL0xA	God rested on the seventh day because Chuck Norris isn't that much of a slave driver.
gjbUOYl-QEuLsu61wy-5bQ	Chuck Norris once drank so many beers he caused prohibition
nSPG8DFcRJaUauk3M20DxQ	Chuck Norris Does not get DUI's. Police officers go missing.
7PRLs-0oQrOWKWERziw4pw	Chuck Norris is a very generous man -- every day, he allows billions of people to continue to live.
D8o00FE0RNSNUlltwEPDVg	Chuck Norris has a Grizzly Bear rug laid out on his family room floor. The Grizzly Bear isn't dead...it's just too afraid to move.
Ifee1LxXRBGB0Nwzps8UiA	Chuck Norris can kill you in 17 interesting and horrifying ways just by shaking your hand.
equ6PgNURcSvz_Dh0pynwg	George Lucas once thought about casting Chuck Norris as Luke Skywalker. Lucas quickly realized that decision would reduce his planned three-film trilogy to a 10-minute short, so he went in another direction, and thus made himself hundreds of millions of dollars in the process.
5V__PM03SVyfbNSpmn0rZA	Chuck Norris made Stephen Hawking run for his life.
UDIEYf2rQ42to8tMf2L0QQ	Chuck Norris once hijacked a frieght train and drove it to a Home Depot.
yJRjSLlYRDO1xkkY6_3NPQ	Chuck Norris doesn't need contact lenses. He'll just shoot two woks.
QqsFPXweQ_WIZr3JzzopVA	When Chuck Norris was little he followed a rainbow. He met a leprechaun and asked for its gold. It wouldn't give it to him. This is why we no longer have leprechauns. "
I0AAENDPRbCQ_GT6z5KO6w	Chuck Norris doesnt have nightmares, nightmares have Chuck Norris
qF4sP7baTbSxXd5oPGkfvQ	Chuck Norris shot the sheriff AND the deputy.
uzrd7MCsQ2ydkEceyQCgLg	Chuck Norris knows 28 words in 32 distinct languages that rhyme with orange.
FB2v2MWQRhSvFq_uaxAbng	Chuck Norris sells his dickfat to cosmetic surgeons as an alternative to collagen.
mfzv5aifS-qtrE2TqmQaYQ	Once Chuck Norris died just to see how it feels like to be dead. The next day he resurrected himself and roundhouse kicked everyone who celebrated his temporary death.
5pRtXnwlT1SR2cgKWeyCFw	Even Queens, Kings & most adult twins prefer Chuck Norris sized beds.
TJcOcevbRcKcZguziXDqSg	A person tried to assasinate Chuck Norris. When he shot the bullet, a person died. The person? The one with the gun.
DKBzOo0KRP2x12jBNrfZrw	Chuck Norris savors the sweet taste of ax-murder.
6DRL1u9WQRSWOTODKUOfHg	0 + 0 = Chuck Norris
id4dTcDiRneK4btgOGpNNw	Chuck Norris invented manure spreaders.
keEhGFfSSKicWtPhzEDRAg	Chuck Norris pee's napalm and craps C4
K_PSOFbaTly6pMRqtGMbIg	Chuck Norris underwent successful hemorrhoid surgery yesterday. The surgeon had to use "the jaws of life" and a set of bolt cutters to complete the procedure
Qk7qzHBBTHmQ5Yvw_q_2ZA	When Chuck Norris sits down and puts a pack of microwave popcorn in his lap, it immediately explodes with the power of a nailbomb. It's his favorite party trick.
Kafdp2LcSCauq-syoj5ulw	Chuck Norris stared at a carton of Orange Juice because it said concentrate. The carton exploded 5 minutes later.
0zvrnqzqQPuS7-lwgTR1MA	Chuck Norris knows how to get to Sesame Street
FisVaoZMRJGag64akHWOsA	Chuck Norris invented teabagging when he was having sex with Queen Elizabeth
OtGLK4-EQdusl0d-gJL3mg	Chuck Norris can stop a red light!
xMgj2YKwRb-eWNbOv4DEfg	Chuck Norris can lift Thor's hammer, Mjolnir...with his pinkie.
JGEQdfLKSai4tV9YPlXvNg	When Chuck Norris found out what the lyrics to his favourite song, 'Take A Walk On The Wild Side', were really about, he hunted down Lou Reed and broke four of his ribs.
oeDP_8XwTaKHxCdEeLDNdA	Chuck is short for "Charles".......Chuck Norris is short for "I'll fuckin kill you!"
2hzWYC4mRaydPe2O84sPLg	Nelson Mandela was not released from Robben Island prison in 1990. Chuck Norris broke him out of prison, roundhouse kicked ALL the prison gaurds, and safely escorted him to the coast of Capetown. Its good to have a friend like Chuck!
fk821OMaQvOYyt-_IusFXQ	Chuck Norris can squeeze blood from a stone. He must feed his children.
2K5VzQi-QjiAcvhSuHc6EA	Cats have Chuck Norris-like reflexes.
hhunkvoos2ko_mhd6_9mpw	Fact: Chuck Norris doesn't consider it sex if the woman survives.
YYT0iZarQwK90GSn-utnKQ	Chuck Norris was hiking and came face to face with Sasquatch. There was IMMEDIATE PANIC, then the Sasquatch was seen running screaming into the woods.
6lDKfMk2TG-zdE71oMnJGQ	Don't make fun of Chuck Norris, or you will feel the wrath of his beard and the fist behind it.
BqtHfDC7QwWkeoMqWUJh1w	Chuck Norris challenged Steven Seagal to a ponytail contest. Seagal backed down immediately.
CT55vIapQZumxOG0tTx2xQ	Chuck Norris recently got Sylvester Stallone in a headlock and told him 'motherfucker if I ever hear you fucking swear I will motherfucking kill your entire motherfucking family, bitch'.
NeshR5gyQXWRfpVUJPeq5Q	When Chuck Norris creates a login, it tells him "password not strong enough", he types in his name and it tells him "password too strong."
20QgKwidT1-ySGoHJCpwSw	It's all fun and games until Chuck Norris pulls your eyes out with a socket wrench.
hcakrd4frju3vd-jakidqq	If you Google search "Chuck Norris getting his ass kicked" you will generate zero results. It just doesn't happen.
p3iwn3-lSLGFmRMg5_8ERA	when chuck Norris went to find Bigfoot, Bigfoot copied him self to escape from chuck
W66jrAveToyTWuVPtNv41Q	The Terminator movies were written specifically with Chuck Norris in mind for the title role, and was originally called the Walkernator. The only differences were that the T-800 would always wear a cowboy hat and smoke cigars.
dgLNhNJIROG9FxJEQMINmw	Many a cowboy has ridden a brahma bull barebacked. Chuck Norris has ridden many a grizzly bear bullbacked.
UCQzKUimT5ujeMyFng79ig	I like this website alot, but im just warning you guys might have to shut it down soon... Chuck Norris is gonna have a few "words" is he ever learns you guys added a letter to his name..
LyoEMK7PQeGlQp4buih3WA	Chuck Norris won the New York Marathon while steaming some crab legs in Austin, TX
WOEA1WElScCLj7CE4_PI-A	Chuck Norris once had Sex with a whale. Not because he's a sick fuck or anything, it's just the only vagina in the world that can comfortably hold his Penis.  The Same whale actually gave birth, and Chuck Norris named his whale son after himself... Moby Dick.
7O06NNSpRrajZVampZAsxA	Chuck Norris lives in a permanent state of chronosynclastic infundibulum.
Bup36JbASxW5R-HzSI5ygA	Chuck Norris once participated in a 100 mt race and obviously came first, but Albert Einstein died after watching that cos light came second.
0p87p0DTSF-LpSPWmcnl6g	Chuck Norris loves to eat puffer fish.
2ERy5G9jSC2nIh8aFgtwYQ	In space no-one can hear you scream... tell that bullshit to Chuck Norris and expect to find out just how wrong you can be.
nyuM7LryRgGGCn2QsXWuEw	Chuck Norris broke the sound barrier whilst head banging
2VCcA5C0R2mTDJDbAFjKMw	If Michael Jackson can moonwalk, Chuck Norris can run on the sun.
WcepExoRSemkkFEy7jxIew	Chuck Norris can ram your teeth so far down your throat that you will need to sit on your food just to eat it.
9kiaUtHySaebNSH_w6XBzA	Chuck Norris can fuck you upside-down.
T1gYfeKwSs2uqsOtWzwHww	Chuck Norris dreams in Blu Ray
bXph3XMdT-2Ajly2Z08KBA	The flu takes a Chuck Norris shot every year
XXS7bDl4TiSdBJESjR_XFA	Chuck Norris can drift a Mack truck.
hd0l0jcrtwyjcjgmr7timw	Chuck Norris can touch MC Hammer.
gP-lIo5AQlyTlrqAZNAm3w	Toll takers PAY Chuck Norris to cross the Golden Gate Bridge.
5U4RWgyKTACR1fxbV9bi-A	Chuck Norris can flog a dead horse back to life.
WCc9J0ERTdSqQgkuL_HlCQ	If you've ever wondered where the wind comes from, it's Chuck Norris breathing. The next time it's really windy outside, Chuck Norris is jogging.
o21pece2rn25d1cvm7eznq	Tom Clancy has to pay royalties to Chuck Norris because "The Sum of All Fears" is the name of Chuck Norris' autobiography.
ivGauod5RASJIT73u-2e9w	Chuck Norris does not hang ductwork. Ductwork hang's itself when it encounters Chuck Norris.
t_wyddbstys8ubos8oni4q	Chuck Norris originally wrote the first dictionary. The definition for each word is as follows - A swift roundhouse kick to the face.
e5-rYfLGSVW8Zhh3LwT_4g	Chuck Norris is the reason NWA ran straight outta Compton.
rmJcA5pDSyKL2TQwWaMddw	If you type in the best person in the world you get pictures of Chuck Norris.
ccPgZQ2oQ7uw9sfZVjS7wA	Chuck Norris gave out the location of Osama Bin Laden!
PbE7cRZ5RXGCeGB1VuUdjA	Chuck Norris once kicked Doyle Brunson's ace.
coGPooMVSce_5KVGVrcHvQ	Chuck Norris put 5 of his good friends in the hospital, after they challenged him to a pillow fight.
TpoNVdfUREacCSqIJsq-2Q	there are no such thing as a tornado Chuck Norris just don't like trailer parks.
bGjGFhrtS5S-RAFN1Gekpw	Chuck Norris can drink you under the table. He will then smash the table over your head.
Fo27wnSnSAWEi4Sr-xRAJw	Chuck Norris holds the only known autographed depiction of the Prophet Muhammad... a tattoo on his left ass cheek.
A81LfSpjRPC8MGCxhZZGcg	Chuck norris eats "man bear pig" bacon for breakfast with al gore blood v8 juice
UoI7gxSURiCCvCkkUJQSsQ	Micheal Jackson died on June 25, 2009, what investigators did not know was that Chuck Norris was walking down the street 3 minutes after MJ's death.
0NOY4pLXRZuCzpadElutgA	Chuck Norris' kindergarten has land-mines in the sandpit.
gSys68CVR8q6FIgDHJiBtA	Chuck Norris was once bitten by a rattlesnake in the desert, and after 3 days of pain and agony, the snake died.
EXqCv0QvSxiayUiTHULziw	Chuck Norris uses pine cones for toilet paper.
_t2DX1U0RcSmgBYCTeD7LQ	When Chuck Norris goes out to eat, he orders Valadi Roast, but he only eats its dampers.
Ar7bdSTFTFqUrsc4-WMNhA	Hot news from the Vatican...white smoke appears. Chuck Norris has been elected Pope! All ye of faith, welcome Pope Charles deNoir-iz Kikyorectumis.
8XGW74MXQLemaZhDWV1_UA	Chuck Norris' sphincter has fangs.
10z67nHsSvKj7eMsXF2-aw	Based on fossil evidence from France and Germany, the first known members of the family Procyonidae lived in Europe in the late Oligocene about 25 million years ago.[16] Similar tooth and skull structures suggest that procyonids and weasels share a common ancestor, his name was Chuck Norris
RrpKh44nTyOYcNnjksqt3Q	Chuck Norris always cut his birthday cake with a chainsaw.
SrE0UytRRWqv36-2w__5AA	Chuck Norris is like a dog, not only because he can smell fear, but because he can piss on whatever he wants.
ijpnw0birv-ogszti_wuag	The Chuck Norris Eclipse plugin made alien contact.
hwKpKtUqRuSQ5kUSWfgGIQ	Chuck Norris has a 386 yard long bullwhip. He uses it at his palacial ranch to swat gnats off the gentitals of his herd of his prize winning longhorn bulls.
w-DO4hGuRBeWRFz2cVoRzQ	Barack Obama recently stated that he considers it 'a great honour and privilege' to shine Chuck Norris' shoes every Wednesday.
EmCn8AGLS6-WO4I8Qu7jrw	Chuck Norris fucks you so good it obviously hurts
664705gltfezqxhwbzykrg	Mr. T pities the fool. Chuck Norris rips the fool's head off.
qCE6vrfAT0u8CeDrjDTGmg	Chuck Norris decided it shall be called pineapple, and the world accepted it out of sheer terror even though the fruit had nothing to do with pines or apples.
Ln_2i1sxT8eRrsCxZwAS_Q	Chuck Norris' motto: "The difficult I do immediately. The impossible takes 3 seconds longer".
S5uiluahRM26CTWRZNXfwg	Chuck Norris decided to sell his poop as a food product... we know it now as wheaties.
M3nhz2zcQZO3QV0_ZknIrQ	davey jones goes to Chuck Norris' locker.
RdhIXDiOSzCn5_rc6mF6yQ	Chuck Norris falls in a pit with hundreds of Rattlesnakes. The next day he emerges with Rattleskin boots,belt,hat,jacket and noticeable weight gain.
BEj45LLAS1OnHedpm4CVig	Chuck Norris is the only human being to display the Heisenberg uncertainty principle -- you can never know both exactly where and how quickly he will roundhouse-kick you in the face.
yfED8m0eRoyvW966-wOrnQ	If you ask Chuck Norris for his autograph, he'll dip his boot in a bucket of ink and roundhouse kick you in your face.
gll-vunmsluzrad8sfafwg	No one has ever pair-programmed with Chuck Norris and lived to tell about it.
N8z8p_sCT-yu7yC-w2RwLw	If you try to shoot Chuck Norris in a dream, you better wake up and apologize
59g4r1L4QTa6DAe1pExrVA	That's Mr Chuck Norris to you.
85nkLv7RTsWYHHLstLmL8g	Chuck Norris can split/fuse atoms through his piercing stare.
gfsBRb5kTrqnmStxaoWfQw	a cross died on Chuck Norris
yV31CyhCR4qBbC2qN9CrBQ	Chuck Norris has gotten wind that some "Twilighters" think Chuck Norris facts are actually Edward Cullen's!?  Chuck Norris' response to this ---  "Choose the wolf, Bella. The pale-skinned white man is nothing but a sparkling fancy-pansy"   'cause there is no theory of evolution - just a list of creatures Chuck Norris allows to live.
Agyt0ItPRiK6UHGHNV1VlA	Chuck Norris's football team won the NBA champinship against the tennis player Roger Federer
ilEsUp30TGS1DFqlmQWXVQ	Chuck Norris made Stevie Wonder flinch
zS3_hXoAR4KhHEC_G_krHg	Chuck Norris would not be considered 'armed and dangerous'; if they had to use such terminology, they would rate him 'DEFCON 14'
7wiGvsSuSS6F3fNB9IWNLA	Muhammad Ali developed Parkinsons disease after he received a roundhouse from Chuck Norris
sdihDxe6QfWo4b39-P8Lvw	There was no world recession, just Chuck Norris desiring a discount.
yzcafw1xtf2s63xse15qug	When Chuck Norris goes to out to eat, he orders a whole chicken, but he only eats its soul.
MvNVPZqkQa6KDHjplDgkeg	Chuck Norris can us an abucus to solve differential calculus equations.
Ziyk6Vi5TqCscqxWsuR8Lg	Chuck Norris once started a fire with only what was around him. He was on an iceberg.
bQkaXL0yTu-ClefWChemwA	Chuck Norris doesn't drink often. But when he does, he prefers to kick 'the most interesting man in the word' in the ass & take his Dos Equis.
09xc0ElfQQ29ZGDN6CPSNQ	Chuck Norris endorsed Ted Cruz for President, thus singlehandedly ending the need to hold elections forever...
btDsvP2zTg-D7wE4HQX3GA	There is no chin under Chuck Norris' beard, only another fist!
CfBN3NiVQ6-OCukGeyMJEQ	Chuck Norris once broke the law. They are still trying to put it back together.
LH1LpSJISGq8AJ062zHu6A	Chuck Norris is so badass, he takes out his USB without safely removing...
S9kXR5yhQTmq0fXuGEhybw	Jesus's birthday isn't December 25th, but Chuck Norris once sent him a birthday card on that day. Jesus was to scared to tell Chuck the truth, and that's why we celebrate Christmas.
GJHKEBt_QouR_ENwLPxlbA	Yogi has a DEEP DESIRE for Chuck Norris' penis.
30q2fMJ9RZqpCXAW9zEwNQ	bir is just a high velocity Chuck Norris spit
ZpMS49x6TN-RrycyGRuNGw	Remember the show "Who's the Boss"? Chuck Norris was the boss. Chuck Norris is everyone's boss.
F3_IdoQJSw6Ekewwo0zxvQ	Chuck Norris is so modest that his ranch isn't called "Chuck Norris's ranch." It is simply called "Texas".
cLfwjpqRQF-5WCIajcSB2Q	During a recent talk show interview Chuck Norris was asked what he thought of Justin Bieber. Chuck said he thought Bieber was a waste of perfectly good toilet paper.
FtP59_k_RZSK7yTtOdbn0w	Chuck Norris can say a toung twister
Nlt7bOCZQ76a-Kbsr4FIFA	Chuck Norris is so good, he yells his own name out during sex.
Y1vMZ--WSKuvg0jJMuTlBA	Chuck Norris can climb Everest from top to bottom.
LvSi6JwHRhK0uuFPWM-Xaw	The Chicago Cubs just signed Chuck Norris to a one year $2.5 billion contract thus assuring a 2012 World Series title. The contract, however, is contingent upon the Cubs also signing Albert Pujols...as Chuck's personal batboy.
kNIvYPw0Sn6kYilrDS8LTA	Chuck Norris has over 600 miles of black belts in his home.
BkXlzDzUS8Cc3cr8u_dcLQ	Chuck Norris once walked into a feminist convention wearing a 'No Fat Chick' t-shirt, and ended up having sex with over twenty lesbians.
xhVE9pOTTlWHyPLtewJxTA	Jesus can walk on water. Chuck Norris can swim through land.
2ZXrOHvaSq6vKp57KRFwjg	Chuck Norris can bake cookies...in the freezer.
7s1-f6gsQmC3E4avEiKiFA	Chuck Norris can beatbox at over 500 bpm.
TafEQBGAT_SNCuaUxso-AA	Chuck Norris once threw a 'block party'. The city of Detroit filed for bankruptcy the next day.
CpZnHfF9Q1ixOibYRzRuNw	Chuck Norris killed Martin Luther King......So
XJ685c2ERkOtaBPCUXTISA	Chuck Norris brightens up the sun's day
3sRjGpBKT1iVCHnyecgVmw	Chuck Norris explains, his daily swim across the Pacific is the reason why he is so fit.
P3yiu4gyTH-Z0CeebbkxKQ	Chuck Norris once broke into Fort Knox, to take a leak.
3nenWTuHQ6u2C0LNRZ04Pg	When Chuck Norris is in Rome.......... The Romans what he does.
sgipJXDESxiITdkVZMqSzw	The U.S. Government has come up with a new form of capitol punishment called 'Lethal Ejection'. It's where Chuck Norris throws the death row inmate through the side door of a Boeing 737 at 35,000 feet.
L8249t26RIqpILWUaDE5Rw	Chuck Norris Plus your mom equals you
0_acdyhnthyshildaipp1q	Who let the dogs out? Chuck Norris let the dogs out... and then roundhouse kicked them through an Oldsmobile.
zEcQ-y96S-Wq_3mzX7ZCgA	Chuck Norris can count to 10...backwards... Brain hurt? ...it's cool only chuck Norris gets it.
zl4zObqmS6C1ney98dJmoQ	Chuck Norris is the only survivor of Pai Mei's exploding heart techinque.
UM5YXGC_Sxmed3Tzmr_Rgw	Chuck Norris counted to infinity-twice
t13aj2VSTr6F2FiuzDYlbg	Chuck Norris knows exactly how many roundhouse kicks to your ass that it takes to make a poignant hemorrhoidal bouquet for you...one!
fM5zDPsdTr-K9DTvvfkluA	Snap, Crackle, Pop:  1) The sound made by Rice Krispies. 2) The sound made by the bones of those foolish enough to fight Chuck Norris.
RAlCFjtAS9KfVMMI5VIcxg	Chuck Norris once accidentally broke steel by touching it.
vDkjIBArS1KeE0axBWASMQ	Chuck Norris ordered a chicken burger at In-N-Out and he got one.
K2fjOVIlREK1J2nZdxQBEw	Chuck Norris was never aware of the filming of Walker Texas Ranger
tiCuy5WAS4adXVH1QOzTiQ	Chuck Norris solo-ed Everest in shorts and a tank-top.
Cs6UDEwkQkGkP7_9LCBpxw	Chuck Norris is, therefore you suck.
vp5vJMqBRH61XeB2bOO_Jg	Chuck Norris went to a fertility clinic to donate a sperm sample. There were no survivors.
yfo2yjqlsrc5ksiimbpqig	In the first Jurassic Park movie, the Tyrannosaurus Rex wasn't chasing the jeep. Chuck Norris was chasing the Tyrannosaurus AND the jeep.
Amqh7lBlSviVQyg4fQojGQ	Chuck Norris' appendix has burst at least 15 times, but Chuck don't give a fuck.
mYna0hUJS9KMWY-BzQpzaQ	Chuck Norris' earlobes can roundhouse kick your face through the back of your skull.
fnVpDulwRa-Azi0MSslaQQ	Chuck Norris gets more ass than a toilet seat at the Irritable Bowel Syndrome Sufferer's annual national convention
5ctRmvZHS9y5n08PNBQM5A	Steven Seagal crossed the road because Chuck Norris stuffed Seagal's head up a chicken's ass.
Mrq8t1i2T4u2KIIbvex2Kg	"Pain"-n. Chuck Norris
kb89coersuwc_lifrsx8yq	Chuck Norris grinds his coffee with his teeth and boils the water with his own rage.
nK9Fg4BuQsu0yJO1258r_w	Chuck Norris' parallel parking skills are unparalleled.
2FjAbU8TQRONH0OqsdWqsw	Chuck Norris created the Chinese basketball player, Yao Ming by means of torture stretching a sumo wrestler on "the rack".
qrAqR3GQR0OqQg1wmU5Haw	Chuck Norris doesn't Google, he Chuckles
Wj4EPHv7RK6bwytiyAleqg	The only thing scarier than a black hole is a Chuck Norris.
GsphSFNDQEKI6RyeAqjv_g	Chuck Norris napisao program koji detektira beskonanu petlju za sve sluajeviCGSUd5-StWhO3QCC6mvzA	Christie Brinkley once swam through the Waco, TX sewer system just to see Chuck Norris' ass.
5ksl_BEtRMSktz_9L6rsUg	Michael Jackson denied Chuck Norris' facebook friend request on June 25, 2009...you never deny Chuck Norris.
y-tmJOH4SJ-KZJNNlNDe5w	CHUCK NORRIS SUCKS!!!!!!!!!
FEXtMC4dRdmNhKAx6E5KFQ	Chuck Norris is the reaso Waldo is hiding.
ALSp4SlnTbuOEG-YVGPAxQ	Chuck Norris doesn't push the envelope. He wipes his ass with it.
aXaTVTfBROKA66hr79b-sg	A Chuck Norris punch to the back of your skull will change your forehead into a fivehead.
IJI4YsuKTrCsi-Z99PBF6g	Chuck Norris dont need glass to drink juice the juice is so frighteen Chuck Norris what it is soldid
UZERlWpJRAadUuPu1Q77Cg	Chuck Norris once pissed in a gas tank of a semi truck as a joke......that truck is now know as Optimus Prime
qzxS6LHMRxOeePXyN60tug	Chuck Norris once fought the toughest man in the world, promptly after the match the man enrolled in clown school and ended up working for a fast food chain.
-mukHDkTRLeKg6keEpXajQ	There was no potato famine in Ireland. Chuck Norris just had the munchies on the way back from Amsterdam.
Yig1106ZSZGGfwuQ2LdNYw	Chuck Norris doesnt flush the toilet he scares the shit out of it
eci4mv88RJ6sTgIrsUMzoA	At the dawn of time, Chuck Norris and Mr. T sat in an empty universe, bored with nothing to destroy, so they decided to arm wrestle.  The competition began - it raged on for days and days, with thunderclaps of pure energy jolting off of their bulging muscles, ripping holes through reality, and creating the universe as we know it.  Finally, after much-ado, and with one emphatic thud, Mr. T beat Chuck Norris at arm wrestling...  ...And thus, Chuck Norris invented racism, and roundhouse kicked Mr. T into a bad 1980's TV show.
zz4VVuunRdWIsSfe2Rr8Ag	Q: Which is heavier, a ton of bricks or a ton of feathers? A: Chuck Norris.
hmpdl8j1QFaBChl-PWbwhQ	Chuck Norris created the world when he roundhouse kicked a meteorite that was going fifty trillion miles per second. we know that event today as the Big Bang Theory.
zzikuAUaTwGAg01TRKGRmA	Chuck Norris is going to make Dave Grohl his monkey wrench.
7Z-GpIBRTDqqlSW36cGBfw	Environmentalists do their best not to upset Chuck Norris, cause the heat from his anger can melt an entire glacier.
hUO04kkaRDG2ksA4r_-wSQ	Chuck Norris can stack cups without moving his hands or eyes.
-_u-tucbQgaXioJiiqB-9Q	Chuck Norris can suck cock without being gay.
hlFHexYwSGmveshH0q3U5A	Chuck Norris divorced his wife because he caught her littering.
78UCishnRyigQb8mjxjYcg	Chuck Norris uses a floor buffer to polish his massive testicles.
hwZ2oOjvQ3m5AuOwmL0_3w	There's an old saying in the movie business: If Chuck Norris goes more than 2 hours without a blowjob, you better remember one thing... (And then you wait for someone to ask what, and then you go: "A good supply of body bags." )
bVfc7WskRcCDNut5S0uQ_g	In space, no one can hear you scream..... apart from Chuck Norris. He hears everything!
Qsm8EU8dQTiRnKdJXoRMSw	Chuck Norris invented Herpes Duplex by roundhouse kicking a man with lip Herpes twice. Once in the mouth followed by one in the nutsack.
xhrgkKXoQsa8zsU3yb5r4A	Stop signs are actually warnings that Chuck Norris is passing by.
wBu2fAciRLClT3xqFksmSA	When Chuck Norris was asked about his role in The Forest Warrior during an interview, he responded to the reporter with a left hook. Then he took out a guitar from his beard and played the epic solo to the extended version of the Walker: Texas Ranger theme.
5uu68GjGQEuelaBxkLIJmQ	Chuck Norris trims his fingernails with a chainsaw.
7WMHbZ6rSrOX9JexhyySjg	Chuck Norris can pluck a live chicken with his toes.
hydtndocT6qyvBWxN7unTg	If you see Chuck Norris and your heart stops, you're one of the lucky ones.
7E0WeKORQ8mG7ljrMFOdfw	Chuck Norris calls up Billy Ray Cyrus at least once a week to laugh at him.
Tck4XfHyQt-90ruRqbn_fw	Fool me once, shame on you. Fool Chuck Norris once and he will roundhouse you in the face.
U5La1UBkRWSc405R1cTG2g	Chuck Norris never gets a flu shot. The flu virus would die a horrible, screaming death if it ever tried to invade Chuck Norris.
2X-S5CnYQwOd7f2vejFHOA	It is possible to look to the left and right at the same time with just a roundhouse kick from Chuck Norris
jye4gtp1TMWqNfFUXr6qRQ	Most of Chuck Norris' life has been a montage, and therefore he has aged considerably.
e8kCACtMRL2MoqdFKdSE2A	Only one woman has ever survived a slow dance with Chuck Norris, and she was a jeep.
lGPOoG2TRQydc8EItYlKng	When observing a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick in slow motion, one finds that Chuck Norris actually rapes his victim in the ass, smokes a cigarette with Dennis Leary, and then roundhouse kicks them in the face.
lrZnkUYKRfyhpCsA5_5fLg	Chuck Norris helps out NASA by throwing astronauts into space.
bQ8J4utCTzO3UUYil3-Kgw	Chuck Norris can blow bubbles... with beef jerky
xluYkguJR_G7zZqDWrTbJg	Chuck Norris is NOT ''lovin it''.
NcdX-1pITHyqOzPH0oNkRg	when Chuck Norris run with scisors, the scisors get hurt.
Q46ifx4tSdOi8pAJYI-dbg	Chuck Norris was born in a log cabin that he built with his own hands.
h_5gKLqZS8ODsLOwetssTA	'Vengeance' is one of Chuck Norris' many, many middle names.
R98kEqZ7Qh6eKmFJuitiYw	Chuck Norris commanded Russell Wilson to pass the ball instead of handing it off to Marshawn Lynch. Thats the reason why the Patriots won.........Seahawks should've won.
sZyQDV85Ty2kQfGMfkOmvg	Chuck Norris invented Gravity to prevent people from leaving Earth.
p1iNpy-AS5Km9Q6ehrFOhg	When Jesus said, "No one comes to the Father except through me", he was referring to his father, Chuck Norris.
CJmvBYXlRX-ajapPcOU_fQ	Chuck Norris can fuck a pig into bacon strips
QCvXk9VOS5KovkZLg-8bCA	when Chuck Norris is asleep the sheep count him
BMxvIEgmRSiujKgRSD35uQ	why is flag waving on the moon? Chuck Norris was running around
z8XIJSrOTpqNGkuiFVCEbA	Chuck Norris can hammer an nail into the wall with a roundhouse kick
nmlts0sqrwifigqta-rv_g	Chuck Norris's log statements are always at the FATAL level.
uO0U02YgTseWBo3JfZCszQ	Chuck Norris can stop the the Brian Adams started.
6HX-zoSlRFuKLDrPGl83cw	Chuck norris rounddhouse kicks kittens and baby's for fun.
cikQpPdOSWypS5LWZyFdDg	Chuck Norris does not have red hair.... The color red is now known as Chuck Norris.
9OzZny9hSnSDEpXQsNgqTA	Chuck Norris started shaving at six months
ty07kwuOQNiKFCs-uiKLmQ	Chuck Norris was not made by god.God was made by Chuck Norris
hZ7Y4GIJS5m-ocA_3fgU0Q	Chuck Norris drunk liquid cement.now he craps bricks.
UGsmmjwpRvaeIk9GPSacdw	Chuck Norris can deny the "License Agreement" and still be able to install the software
GAKCKp3BRg2flHOHR7CuOA	In the late 1800's Chuck Norris' nickname was "Polio". And the reason for that nickname was not sloely because he has iron lungs.
Y84B1bP_RDeKwBCQStWgzQ	Chuck Norris is the reason why Drake says YOLO.
3UnYZ4twTzWf0bWil7AyAQ	Chuck Norris invented the yellow brick road.
maUwvo0xQsqOi0mmAbbvOg	Chuck Norris can hit a giant meteor 1000 times bigger than jupiter out of the Universe with a toothpick.
AqB3XqDmSnCN6pITusagAA	Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris does actually sleep - with his eyes wide open, rarely blinking.
beXjjyVWTBGuZJsn2JTX5A	when chuck Norris played foot ball in high school, the coach new better than to say bring the house, cause he new that chuck Norris would bring the house the garage and the family car, and then throw it at the quarter back.
zpCRTxM4TIu3pk8xlhUwtg	After a round of 18 holes of golf, Chuck Norris beat Tiger Woods with a score of 17 to 63.
DHJmIpE0Toq5c7TrvVZkUw	Chuck Norris can invoke a Blue Screen of Death in a Mac and a Linux box through fear.
4ikoghHATeSPQxXrae_3aQ	Chuck Norris once did a hippy chick. Their lovechild is Captain Planet.
ILk0ovzzSOmoZGDDFysC5w	Chuck Norris discovered the evolution of evolutions.
ASxszjoiSV67v3HEtcQreQ	A Chuck Norris fact a day keeps his roundhouse kicks away.
NTkN1ltOSAmj8YVh0Bgf1g	Chuck Norris can sneeze your face off.
OMxz5xGwTqyxJvlWcKH_7Q	When Chuck Norris destroys a pub in Britain, everybody there says that 'he caused a right royal Chuckus'.
w5TZ-wkkQzCHGhpdyU1ISQ	Surely there are aliens in the universe, but guess why they don't come to earth? Chuck Norris does not allow them to.
rL2i6gZOSkGCWAnaIiRB4g	Chuck Norris breaks the hand that feeds him.
uhIVs-UHSEO0UfuT3VzvGQ	CHuck norris has eyes on the bottom of his feet
jnON3RgwT0ee9G3ACyKbXg	if you play stairway to the stars backward, you can hear Chuck Norris bangin your sister lol
-T74C91ARt-l7thJmSEemA	When asked about who should be the next pope, Chuck Norris reportedly said 'he could be some asshole from Buenos Aires for all I fucking care'.
8jEmpfSfTqyafNpLaHOpfw	By simply twisting the head of his penis, Chuck Norris can alter his urine stream from spray to mist.
a5NEGBAFQiiuQn-A26qiVQ	Chuck Norris cooked what Meg Ryan was having.
mJYi6PFzREKPc2q_2RYbPw	Darth Vader's lightsaber is a replica of Chuck Norris' shlong.
HiujhK_OTCGDnszajsqZmg	Chuck Norris is banned from Mortal Kombat yet he comes back to play every year.
rpKvkajETkGk0DlEOkI_DQ	Nothing in the known universe is more badass than Chuck Norris.
UEkG9WIHRWeB_I9AJfG-og	Once a cobra bit Chuck Norris' leg. After five days of excruciating pain, the cobra died.
gcUDHW9xQCyZ3zTfLJp1yw	The closest Chuck Norris has come to getting his ass kicked was when he gave himself a dirty look in the mirror.
Zde2N0m-TIuZGzbekIofIQ	Chuck Norris is the man that shot Liberty Valance and JR
WAUahAyuRoytDE3I4rsgfg	Chuck Norris understood the ending of Lost.
5b9lvlX5SJuVMKiXlHQS-Q	Chuck Norris once ordered a Big Mac at a Catholic confession booth, and he fucking well got it. He then reversed his Hummer back through the hole in the wall.
ScJ-CedNQxOwISW5Ri97Lw	Chuck Norris's main method of preventing universe-shattering paradoxes consists of kicking people in the face.
HOKETRqNQEiPwnvtIUSA5g	Chuck Norris has never been accused of murder for the simple fact that his roundhouse kicks are recognized world-wide as "acts of God."
1Skw0Q8iRo-lbEw81Yuoug	The first pump shotgun was Actually the worlds largest shotgun because it is Chuck Norris's Penis, it destroyed Hiroshima and Nagasaki when he was getting a hand job from a hot girl.
YmIjTK1dS2WN5Tdxs74B2Q	A man woke in Intensive Care with severe injuries and no memory of what happened. An investigation determined he was hit by either a freight train or by Chuck Norris.
AJw3ucfgTkSXTCstdNXd0w	When Chuck Norris goes swimmimg in the ocean, the sharks panic.
5PjW5vtCSJOSzPf61CgVWw	Chuck Norris that invented Cunnilingus.
aM1hthvhT0StnuvftCOe6Q	Chuck norris doesn't have school because hes too smart. That happened in 2nd grade.
dekaJVByRsOyNr46yuxaZQ	When you die you don't go to heaven, you go to Chuck Norris.
-xlwv07hSVqTIgrSGvxdbA	Chuck Norris can take the square root of a negitive number
iZY7-inETSSa_jtuyDY9qw	Chuck Norris' uvula is the size of a punching bag.
3jjiurn2tayf4doo2yfqig	Chuck Norris will attain statehood in 2009. His state flower will be the Magnolia.
5bOoEt74TIqOPiRY-3Tvqg	Chuck Norris is so bad-ass, he single-handedly transformed The Expendables 2 from R to PG-13.
aBCfCCbeS5SDhs1aRY8W9A	Chuck Norris once extinguished a veld fire using just a flamethrower, only Chuck Norris can fight fire with fire.
O1psmCrLT8-HC7uDeGnLyg	This little piggy went to the market,this little piggy stayed home,this little piggy went we we we all the way home because Chuck Norris delivered a fatal roundhouse kick to the other piggy.
kktPTuGRRbyN9gCPubZtdw	When Chuck Norris visited Saudi Arabia, all the arabs run out.
PeqjDFCMT2uuN-CcliNXiA	Chuck Norris fucked the fat lady after it was over.
cn2ugodgqqaxbmay8bbccq	Chuck Norris doesn't shower, he only takes blood baths.
Vp7Bi_itTpyRycjDKW2UpA	Chuck Norris has five rows of teeth.
pR_L8RQ4QPCxIn4TytXnew	Chuck Norris's daughter had her viginity taken...............but he got it back
o71ta6aKQRKqi5_KY205qg	Santa Claus attaches his sleigh to Chuck Norris's jumping side kick.
ng51yXYESzum3sFpgN-nCA	Chuck Norris eats tree leafs and shits 100 dollar bills.
CltZYl7SSpeJtFLFWz39IA	CHUCK NORRIS SPEAKS IN ALL CAPS!
GO4qWsk5R5Wlye28iZnfdA	Chuck Norris likes to pull Steven Segal's girly little ponytail and then stare at him when he turns around, daring him to make the first move.
p3vkOglzTn6X6Ms72_mT7A	Chuck Norris got so pissed off at IE6 he roundhouse kicked it and to this day it still can't render css properly.
q7PEcA4VRv-su2636vmYMA	Chuck Norris will hit you so hard that your blood will bleed
eECFfc0YT-W1U0EMig50Kg	Chuck Norris does not have elephantitis on his balls. He is just well-endowed.
cxohHHp3QwaOXKhxuEPBEw	When Chuck Norris Kills someone they dont go to heaven or hell or even get reincarnated... its like they never exsisted in the first place.
SRSpuW0aSFKFZ__hpzYoaA	Even at 70, Chuck Norris still ain't too old for this shit.
HjTmzKdiRO6AJlZEj1hyqw	You can get up to half a million dollars on the black market if you possess an authentic Chuck Norris pube.
kuRoMFScSlahqiasvhlh5A	Chuck Norris has won the Super Bowl twice, a World Series, 7 PBA Bowling tournaments, 46 Olympic gold medals, 5 Stanley Cups, 3 World Series of Poker championships, 1,712 pie eating contests, 4,832 pillow fights, and took second at the Westminster Dog Show in 1982.
sSM2ndWrThqPFbgm_cX0Iw	Chuck Norris thinks you are a dastard and a bastard! So, whataya think can do about that?
IYAu0Qh4QU2EbyUTNYUhwA	Years ago, Chuck Norris was asked to become a member of the Beach Boys. Chuck declined but had he joined, they were going to change their name to the Beach Men.
QejqtsVbQjWUgqumkVEQHA	The only time Chuck Norris was ever beaten was in a fictional movie, Way Of The Dragon, by Bruce Lee. Both Lee and his son Brandon would later die in mysterious curcumstances. This is not a motherfucking coincidence.
wld_J4zsQiGMzDa7lsyq7w	Chuck Norris is the world's only Nobel prize-winning astrophysicist who gained his credentials solely by intimidating and beating the shit out of a bunch of eggheads.
bCwPvQXXQJaMeapXbDIw4A	Ever wonder why the US government build AREA 51? Because AREA 1 up to 50 was build for Chuck Norris.
b1GvWzCmTjiwoEg0JJXNug	Chuck Norris drinks a gallon of oil every day to lubricate his nerves of steel.
ww20UVRPQc6YDDbVnad4hA	Keep calm and carry on. Or Chuck Norris will kill you.
FuhKqz8SQ82cMZGkCMQUTA	When the going gets tough, Chuck Norris.
jwE_Et0qSVe7jCjBBC6v_g	If Money is the root of all Evil... Evil is th root of CHUCK NORRIS!
u_vKH9bZS5eWdB5Cpg1Ihg	Whenever Chuck Norris goes for a swim in the ocean, the sea level drops 11 inches around the world.
F0CHoZJSST6bFs-1iw09gw	Chuck Norris wins Tic Tac Toe in only two moves!
AnskYGsUQda9vtfDDQkZ0A	Chuck Norris Don't Need To Eat, He Will Find You.
5YryMKmgQ9WRzmGwDPKkxg	When Chuck Norris throws a game of 'Washers' he uses a Maytag.
wq5naqhkTDmO8wIFB1NnSQ	As long as chuck Norris lives in planet earth there will be no asteroid or aliens that would dare touch our planet. That's why he doesn't do asteroids, or alien invasion movies, cause they won't have any sense.
Xf2pk49ARR2F3YPqaJX8jg	When a telemarketer phones Chuck Norris' number, the first thing they hear is the pleading voice of one their loved ones.
yyqHIf3ET9eK784PPScdqw	The Most Interesting Man in the World's hair is not actually grey. It's actually covered with Chuck Norris' sperm.
0ZYuJ5HFRsqW45DoOSkPuQ	The automobile air bag was originally a failed invention to try and soften a blow from a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick.
lCuVuZOfRjST51Btn5N0rA	Chuck Norris can exist in two or more places at the same time.
QKdvc3ugQPWucoDoBe0s3A	Despite millions of fan letters, Chuck Norris regretfully says that his schedule is simply too full to kill Nickelback anytime soon.
kqAfxkFAQ_SM5X7v2u20ig	When Chuck Norris goes ten-pin bowling, he simply throws the ball straight at the pins, shattering them. He hasn't achieved a perfect game yet, as the building usually collapses before then.
neERlZGvSmaSBAxDJfTf1w	There was never any lightning, Chuck Norris was just using his cattle prod.
4j5VD_5uStOpv3XZatojmw	Chuck Norris prefers to kill people in the key of D minor.
o9BBktRGSoi5vq8NnV6-zA	Michael Jackson can moonwalk but Chuck Norris can sun walk
V5dRp8d1S9WQrSZAfEA4Qg	The problem of illegal immigration can be dramatically curtailed, if we put Chuck Norris at the border.
FT6JGPbfQ3KoHjbqo3ttQA	a black hole is not created when a star dies, it is created when a star gets round-house kicked by Chuck Norris
k399pnq9RBKAhIhY8jpiLg	Chuck Norris was manufactured in Switzerland & is the world's only automaton killing machine ever assembled.
7cLN3z4VSV2NX-0XL8Kpsw	Chuck Norris was once invited to a Square Dance Hoedown. For clear and obvious reasons, there were no survivors.
o0b0pTkARmWab1Lp8mrAJg	After barely being beat in a foot race by a cheetah, Chuck Norris pointed his finger at the fast cat and said,"Man, you're such a cheetah!" They paused for a second and then burst out laughing, as they left together to go eat a zebra or something..,
yqXQN3jsQ_SsjaXLP7a2fg	Music soothes the savage beast... unless, of course, the savage beast in question is Chuck Norris.
BdW85Ep8QJmSSWKY-vmkXw	Chuck Norris can dribble a bowling ball.
BJxfQ6A0SoGa91hmb1TRTg	Chuck Norris can knock something without trying it.
xLNByuipSF-Ib2rNmuk3PQ	Chuck Norris owns a large private estate in the middle of the Atlantic. We know as the Bermuda triangle. Chuck Norris does not tolerate trespassers
IGyCglUMS6q_42BHHeHSqQ	Chuck Norris uses a live elephant's scortum as a punching bag.
Me_rU2v5SbSomTRfjwfaPg	Chuck Norris is the reason Atlantis no longer exists.
g_zwbupASxCDjBlEbhcKvg	On days that Chuck Norris is in attendance, the Minister at Chuck Norris' church will only preach his sermon while wearing an Ironman suit. Flack jackets and helmets are available to the congregation at the front door. Children remain safe in the church's underground bunker.
a92anp-4SVeQZxg-CmNhEA	Chuck Norris can make a snowman out of raindrops.
KOy7Z36MSYueY_ib6NTfpg	The victims of Michael Myers run around helpless and scared to death until he finds them and stab them. but Michael Myers is always on the run cause he's terrified of how hard Chuck Norris will roundhouse kick him when he finds him.
Ke7DyV7KSBuKAAaODrI5jg	Chuck Norris was once in Russia, people now remember it as "In Soviet Russia"
BUG33kz4R66w4JB8jXnNHA	Stonehenge was Chuck Norris' first attempt at a teleporter. And only he knows where the ON switch is.
W7U4VTN-S-KDYvLu6o-OFg	"Like a good neighbor..." Chuck Norris is there... with a roundhouse kick to the face.
8sCdjwMuTmWQeYO5qFegYw	All of Chuck Norris' chinese ex-girlfriends say "chuck can fuck" but it didnt work out because "chuck ig-nore-us"
K3CsgGRsSruzNipiprjfpg	Recently a heckler told Chuck Norris "I'll bet you've seen Steel Magnolias". Chuck immediately replied "I'll bet you are gonna see the imprint of my fist in the middle of your face".
rPfQi1H4QVCmGbowyVSD3A	Chuck Norris can deliver justice without violence, but it is less fun that way.
BQgngEsvSnWNSPazjuDo6Q	The Kool-Aid Pitcher Man once burst through Chuck Norris' livingroom wall and said, "Oh Nooooo!"
mSRa1SQRRwiIoN2JmnMV2g	Chuck norris won the daytona 500 in a flintstone car
kZBeKZmjQ_GBRgYuE-j2hg	Chuck Norris is known to save people's lives from heart attacks - so that he can kill them himself.
sqfcIiJLTne3zoNkaWzDsA	Chuck Norris easily won on 'Iron Chef America' by microwaving 2 ham & cheese Hotpockets. Prior to the show, he advised the judges he would provide them with thier choice of either Hotpockets or a knuckle sandwich.
IhbLVXn5QHiUORinjeXseA	Chuck Norris can chug a 2 litter bottle of rootbeer in o.oooooooooooooooooooooo.01 of a second. Try to beat that!!!!
8mpsOEa0Tger8_A_vzau7w	Chuck Norris murdered Elvis Presley after he refused to play a concert in Norris' living room.
w0rMhCuXR7GJO7Sn_Tsw1w	Chuck Norris doesn't have to pay $4.00 a gallon for gas. His vehicle is too frightened to ever run out.
4XiEmREOQp2ig3Mul5S2iw	Chuck Norris uses billiard cues as acupuncture needles.
5e4voyf7t_yw-9qi8ppy6w	The original draft of The Lord of the Rings featured Chuck Norris instead of Frodo Baggins. It was only 5 pages long, as Chuck roundhouse-kicked Sauron's ass halfway through the first chapter.
dVSWmgLJQPCelcOKpiPeRQ	Chuck Norris can eat a Big Mac with his lips tied behind his back.
t2FsMkNnQimQZ3WtfDANKA	Little-known fact: Chuck Norris is simply normal, and everybody else is super weak.
rLnopDEqSYu83kcKwPWBZw	Chuch Norris doesn't breathe air- air breathes Chuck Norris.
vZA3BRu1SO-w7rX94H5dyw	The Big Bad Wolf is afraid of Chuck Norris.
NAJfgIRTQt2aAeIJoTVliw	The devil has a Chuck Norris-may-care attitude.
gooRuruyTMWwqyeDMS-JhA	At McDonalds, Chuck Norris ordered breakfast at 10:40 and was denied because breakfast ends at 10:30. He got so mad , he roundhouse kicked the McDonalds so hard it became Wendy's !xpsl
Ce5rOvRQSa2ia6i53SzQ2g	Chuck Norris' bidet is hooked up to a municipal fire hydrant.
rznn9doosp6iowp0m5cblq	On his birthday, Chuck Norris randomly selects one lucky child to be thrown into the sun.
DXwvK4XJT5uoQxT-E-kndg	Chuck Norris built the hospital where he was born.
yUWc00SrRqOOllvQNszQgw	Chuck Norris was the first actor cast to play John McClane, the movies were originally called "Kills Easily"
_oCRwevzRiy9fUhimmFatQ	The fatalities in Mortal Kombat are just reenactments of Chuck Norris going ape shit durring a traffic jam.
e3J62YU6RSyS4AUEq3KUOQ	A deadly Texas Tornardo knows better than to damage or destroy any property or anything that belongs to Chuck Norris or any of his family if the Tornardo knows what is best for it because Chuck Norris is God.
sH3aCdkETweqbkhv1VMGLA	Chuck Norris once abandoned one of his kids when it was discovered he was allergic to the family dinosaur!
bpwzZe5rQZuYkXm4FLFaZg	Chuck Norris will roundhouse kick you to death if you laugh at Chuck Norris jokes. He will also roundhouse kick you to death if you don't laugh at Chuck Norris jokes. The choice is yours.
GIqPknMRS6SV9-ep5HXG9A	Chuck Norris can drink his cigarettes and smoke his beer.
wJtiUNudTXiNC5mPSpAEHA	When landing on the moon, Neil Armstrong actually said, 'one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind... and just an average stride for Chuck Norris'
y9m75TZRSrWIKRxOVFuPEg	Chuck Norris smelly breath is so strong that he can demolish a house just by breathing on it.
5nLHz342TPu8sateMx3Y9g	Chuck Norris is allowed to put Baby in the corner.
axtqqerhrm2lredluq1suw	Chuck Norris once challenged Lance Armstrong in a "Who has more testicles?" contest. Chuck Norris won by 5.
xDKhh1k3T_qiQEnRTyeklg	Steven Segal onece challenged Chuck Norris to a fight, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked him in the face. this is why Steven Segal talks funny
2k9uy5YqQ8q_dkCTaXnWrQ	Chuck Norris can order from the kids menu
S78Q7Lu5Syilg2verGii9w	McGayver can make a plane with anything. But Chuck Norris comes and takes the plane.
ji2JjxdfQQ6e1YcgRaJ94Q	Chuck Norris put Lysol out of business, he kills odor too
wiyM1-bfQRG821naEdUShw	Stephen King refused to write Chuck Norris' biography, as he considered the story too 'scary and gruesome'. An enraged Norris ran him over in a panel van, then framed a hillbilly for it.
G78a-Q_HT3qGm-laH8ZhxQ	Chuck Norris always sets off the metal detector at airports, even when flying naked.
Or060Ll-Sn2pOeBv045M5A	Chuck Norris doesn't walk - the world just rolls beneath his feet.
Hl6NqVK6QeOy6S2kentKvA	Some children hang posters of Chuck Norris above their beds to catch nightmares.
bTT8SuzkQxCoirdGgGSlQA	Chuck Norris doesn't fear death, death fears him
2fNf17IuRoGhugUGiF6pJg	Chuck Norris buries the hatchet... in the back of your head.
E-FCvZmAQqOjTwg3xIugXw	Chuck Norris thinks that concepts such as health and safety are for little pansy men with hairless faces who wince when they drink whiskey.
6aD5Yp7mQBaaWfgvl9w5LA	Martial arts have given Chuck Norris the ability to predict your actions before you make them. He can look at you and know if you're getting ready to run, pull a gun or get your heart torn out. Guess what: You're always getting ready to get your heart torn out.
aRkhp4WtQeerl93c6LqX6w	Chuck Norris has just left the building. He left it a smoldering pile of rubble.
EYNTw4gBTfOdZRRQz60qGg	There is no such thing as gravity, Chuck Norris once said "you must stay on the ground" and everyone has been to scared to find out what would happen if they didnt't.
2bHq32mOS9m5IHGEZChzSQ	Chuck Norris will personally roundhouse kick you if you don't get off this website and get back to work!
AgJ07JB7RTakneCekANN3g	Chuck Norris saw a dick on TV1000!
1UfPOdHSTvqXGQWlqfyoKw	Chuck Norris doesn't get old, he levels up.
eM-1Sts-SQimwkcPX1X4Hw	Being afraid of water is aquaphobia, being afraid of spiders is arachnaphobia and being afraid of Chuck Norris is just common sence.
7ITtHdSCRNCssA0OwLDtmg	Chuck Norris wields a freight train like nunchucks.
6IVRRAFDS4mALNO-DJTYBw	Chuck Norris can leave the door open at night cause no one messes with Chuck Norris
-phR6yD-T5e_Ou8zc6EQLA	Chuck Norris made a new religion painism where you go to church and he round house kicks for an hour
KCU9OG3ERpC1nuIvOVxLKQ	Chuck Norris challenged a staring contest with Weegee then Weegee turned into Chuck Norris
jufgjyiat3yxxz-gzhiqkg	We live in an expanding universe. All of it is trying to get away from Chuck Norris.
FEkli3ZUTqSIypRZ1KJD-w	Some people can kill two birds with one stone. Chuck Norris can kill four birds with half a stone. What? You say there's no such thing as hlaf a stone? The four dead birds didn't think so either.
TGgdzWyRQmSMvCuKy1XhOw	Chuck Norris does not have a cell phone. If he wants to talk to you, he will shout.
-ojrkppmrqmwrn9e5huydq	Chuck Norris starts everyday with a protein shake made from Carnation Instant Breakfast, one dozen eggs, pure Colombian cocaine, and rattlesnake venom. He injects it directly into his neck with a syringe.
Fg3yMODBR6WGU-p9ddfddw	When Chuck Norris looks into the mirror the mirror shatters because the mirror isn't even stupid enough to get between Chuck Norris and Chuck Norris.
zjuwql5ns-mklqumqezlhg	Chuck Norris can skeletize a cow in two minutes.
RF3_YjYlS_SufzREhV1NUQ	Chuck Norris loves all that shit Andrew Zimmern eats on bizzare foods
UJeUN80PQl65CCrwxhstaQ	There is no angel upon Chuck Norris' shoulder... the devil sits there. His other shoulder is where he rests the bazooka
DQ-qujwCQX6pnAdQu7fMog	Chuck Norris never has to get his Ferraris shipped over. He simply goes to Italy, takes one from the lot without paying, gets a run-up through Russia and jumps the Bering Strait.
YM8ZeY5cSQ-_pb7Yie654g	Chuck Norris overheard an old man complain that his Metamucil just wasn't providing enough fiber to take care of business. So, a kind Chuck Norris rammed an oak tree up the old man's ass, lit it up with a flame thrower and yelled: "fire in the hole".
d9oq7U54RdGOvvGEROUi9Q	Chuck Norris was worshipped as a god by the Eskimos. That is why they had igloos modelled after his signature move.
P7loCNgfT4Wgb2EWaXEp4g	Someone once said, "Chuck Norris doesn't look so tough". All that is left of that person is an ass with a boot up it.
c0Z5zsT2TfOWpn3uE-f7oQ	Chuck Norris was actually the original Spock in Star Trek, but was fired because instead of saying 'live long and prosper', he would always say 'die hard... with a vengance'.
auBje0ZFReOi4mgGkfeweA	Every woman who has experienced multiple orgasms has one thing in common with all the others: each one was with Chuck Norris at the time.
WjoXrBHXTBOdKL8nBCyUKw	Chuck Norris is what the butler saw.
KcRPYG6wRJyjkibs5_hTmQ	Chuck Norris' amps used to go to eleven, but he recently hot-rodded them so they now go to infinity.
eUJ2M24hT1uwvwHRH7PCsw	Chuck Norris can play rock-paper-scissors in a mirror - and win.
sVASodJpQy-IvDlosBtPwA	If you see Chuck Norris, and he's moving, it's already too late to run.
IfMaI_UxRqKVwgDehAKjJA	The next time you witness Chuck Norris brutally punching some asshole repeatedly in the face, if you look closely you will see little translucent '+50' numbers floating away.
df8GJH0yTMie0j-Y9AHAmg	Chuck Norris is not afraid of Grace Jones.
8YXcmdHXR32JljqNxbYECg	Chuck Norris is the Chuck Norris of every sport. Except gay sports. Tom Cruise is the Tom Cruise of those.
OPt7KIk8TWqW2mlWdzFrOg	Chuck Norris once made his Kindergarten teacher spit out her gum.
d8n0whpysmskld1azue9bq	Chuck Norris once ate an entire bottle of sleeping pills. They made him blink.
n1GKu2Y1TC-Tc1BmhDXPBw	Chuck Norris can capitalize a number.
suyInQY_Q9OHtHisVW6_Ow	Chuck Norris' parents are named after him
722gBm4rSsO_6lPA4wO54w	Chuck Norris isn't all that interested in astronomy. The only stars Chuck Norris cares about are the 50 on the flag of the USA, the one that's part of his Ranger badge, and the Lone Star of Texas.
C8DnRH2-Smursd4iQXqFzQ	Chuck norris may kill me 4 this. On a hot summerday Chuck Norris was swimming in the lake an AAAAAARGH.........................................................................................................................
yy0Ex6iOSS6LSgmnPxT1Tg	Chuck Norris thinks somebody has no sense of humor & needs a roundhouse to the rucksack.
sQKP-r28Tdmfyw1JIvsMaA	when god said let there be light,Chuck Norris said ill think about it
OP7gpP-sTWiT-guhyhQ8BQ	Chuck Norris invented irony by pissing a hole through a toilet.
rfrq6f19SaCTAAP44kBjMg	Chuck Norris can think Amy Schumer isn't funny without being labelled a woman-hater.
X13gG6PaQjKfUagymVWL9w	EVERY DAY I'M SHUFFLIN'... - CHUCK NORRIS
MOfkycpJQguzOiJjY7dKKg	Chuck Norris built the house he was born it.
kpMe_8FpQg2R5_3CCx2YRw	Chuck Norris can dig through water.
fA3419VUSBCpv-KacF1A_g	Chuck Norris can revolve a wooden door
1w3iinqotm2p1lmdj8zezg	There is no such thing as a lesbian, just a woman who has never met Chuck Norris.
8fRHj8zLQESG5Ezz00P8Og	Once Chuck Norris had the weakest hand while playing a High stakes game of 7 card stud. The other players were too afraid to tell him, that's how Razz was invented.
zAaM0ESuR5eO2uyQjPg4PA	Chuck Norris invented legs just so he'd have two more things to beat you with when his fists got bored.
udiwfiwnqpqsyhoj_fjuba	James Cameron wanted Chuck Norris to play the Terminator. However, upon reflection, he realized that would have turned his movie into a documentary, so he went with Arnold Schwarzenegger.
B3rb-wgpSe2B6wmkjn-ixQ	Those closest to Chuck Norris will tell u that umm......well they would tell u much because the closest anybody has ever gotten to him is 650 yards.
eEEHMOPyTeWQAwdaIWRd7A	When Chuck Norris wants chicken, he really means children.
b_1CTHALTMGK8wnBw0Xp7g	Chuck Norris is a cunt!....hang on theres someone at the door
Zxjn1WAASI27bg51z3YyhA	Bigfoot has a picture of Chuck Norris
1SDKcY0CQBWPdcxQTDQG9Q	When Chuck Norris breathes there are hurricane warnings
a7xWsywfSoW6bzLN0Ty6Jg	James Bond's license to kill was issued by Chuck Norris
2_wB5L7YSDOCrUzARXRrmg	Chuck Norris always lists his occupation as 'Chuck Norris'
A6uXg0uJTjW74_qfyCm-Ww	Roundhoused kicked by Chuck Norris... Life ruined forever.
0wIjXd4ASTS5Kogij9NTFA	Chuck Norris never went to karate class, he was born kicking butt.
dl_XLLxMRPWQSwQENDSHsQ	Chuck Norris has the eyes of an angel and the soul of a saint. He keeps them in a footlocker under his bed. "
dviEz97sS4q6qhSHzzCkQw	Chuck Norris put mark zuckerberg in ICU....he poked him on facebook
PK8DVOsIT-GiSaBUgZWiOQ	Chuck Norris knows what Willis was talking about
VZg8Mxg8TGeEc0qq3u4GOA	Once a player found Chuck Norris on super smash bros for 3DS. He was instantly beaten from Chuck Norris when the Challenger round started. Developers of super smash bros said that the Chuck Norris guy was a easter egg. It was removed for being too powerful after 2 days.
EJwprpr9TDSee8c-B-4dtA	Chuck Norris is love. Chuck Norris is life.
H99uuDWNRUG013ZCnOkbXQ	Chuck Norris trims his pubes with a weed whacker.
3RUG6tUVQkmDExXQt6mBoA	Chuck Norris DOES have an iron heart!!!!!!!
WBL7w0CeSiyTcrIoxLzskw	Chuck Norris can hit Mach 3 in his hot-air balloon.
gldk0zH1Tqqa1-NHlHLn2A	Chuck Norris once round house kicked a retarded kids bus, and it became the first smart car.
Eb13qhzTQQ2idDdhlPwRlg	Chuck Norris taught a cat to play fetch
B-K45kWVROe6YBM0iwyudg	Every fact you suggest here in this website, it becomes true to Chuck Norris.
BWzJKU2OQQKhC6zVtroESA	Chuck Norris knows the other fourteen letters of the alphabet.
7wqpGjAjSzuprEddjmAxuw	Chuck Norris doesn't need help, help needs Chuck Norris.
bTLpHcYVQoOfCL2gQFK0ww	They once made a Chuck Norris toilet paper, but it wouldn't take sh** from anybody.
YBSAEmO1RrywsHuZicgeWQ	Chuck Norris can milk a horse.
nyx9MOgtTKavlxTRe7f6ow	Where Chuck Norris Lives: Everywhere.
A08cHLjGT1CcSqm_ZVQH_Q	The reason plasma guns don't exist is because Chuck Norris hasn't donated plasma
p9bJAUlxQvahj6ZpndNo9A	Chuck Norris never asks you to 'step outside', he actually wants as many people to witness your brutal slaughter as possible.
KB_MN9FgQlKnUc2_BTz1AQ	Chuck Norris will never be on Mythbusters because everything Chuck does is not myth!
-_8Y1H3vS-O9phVc032Xsg	A decendant of Chuck Norris taught the Klingons how to fight. Chuck Norris found out about it last week & is pleased.
73fgwax6s6eukfwgiuqrxq	Chuck Norris doesn't use GUI, he prefers COMMAND line.
zAiZkkH6TGGB_GihlXTqpQ	Just before killing someone, Chuck Norris likes to say 'where's your god now?'
UPDtrGV0STOkyxDD7OCHbw	Chuck Norris promptly killed Video for killing the Radio Star.
Tu9j0zJeSumcSwMUIPr6GA	Chuck Norris declined to be in 'The Expendables' because it contained pussies like Jet Li and Dolph Lundgren.
HlIEjvcuSU-Zwl0ET8XXeA	Chuck Norris sired a baseball team...and a football team if you count all of the bastards.
8fcKZX0AS2y4i1PJxHKF0g	Chuck Norris once spit through a man's skull.
DzHpsWjLRxyeHBUjoXrGHg	Chuck Norris can lose his king and still win a chess game
N4Cu9t15TD-XKcXZeI5XtQ	Chuck Norris can strike a match on a bar of soap
RDCtS4GjQpmwByA3ytBs2A	I just downloaded the new "Roundhouse Kick" app for my iPhone and now my screen is cracked and the phone does not work. Damn you, Chuck Norris.
-ucOHY7CQgqueB0Dt0JNOQ	The reason no one has found tupacs and notorious bigs killers are because it was Chuck Norris who killed them
9BSSoxkPRmyYRBrAhQSKNA	If u see Chuck Norris you should run,if u can see the bottom of his shoe its to late!
_izH81CjSCKF10zOwDVlBg	Jesus Christ once said,"If someone strikes you on the right cheek turn to him the other also." He obviously hadn't met Chuck Norris.
XjyvVFmETuWiiD84W2dL3Q	Anything Chuck Norris types on Microsoft Word is automatically approved by the spell checker.
do2ZIeeNREm7HRsDq59yWg	Chuck Norris doesn't t-bag women. He potato-sacks them.
cC8p66E8TgGkS0z75ambag	Chuck Norris is just like you he puts his pants on one leg at a time exept when he does it he fights north Koreans
Z-6KE20-Q_Kqp0NAUo3KAQ	The last guy to play frisbee with Chuck Norris was actually Bob Dole.
7rIAo3NhTHaBYtmsSAldBQ	Chuck Norris can kill 2 stones with one bird
OLeXh5xzSXiHt9-ydsDOfg	Chuck Norris gave Dr. House that limp. Needless to say, he was extremely lucky.
mBGvW0H1Tia2VfEVWjsXRg	Chuck Norris taught Bane how to be a chiropractor
goV4i7KuQwOTmFxRsq3HYw	Switzerland guarantees its neutrality by paying Chuck Norris a tribute of 10 million dollars and 52 hot women each year.
tXA0hWHvRjOSX0d0YBDFkw	Once, while having sex in a tractor trailer, part of Chuck Norris' sperm escaped and got into the engine. We now know this truck as Optimus Prime.
00NuSNToRkm7YZ6nvjdhlg	I got an e-roundhouse kick from Chuck Norris. My cheeks are still swollen.
pcG95NkDTgeAwW0_OQ90Ug	If Fox had cast Chuck Norris as Jack Bauer, the show would have been called "3"
Ni2EN5bMQhitp3GApbyKrg	Chuck Norris employs a concierge urologist.
O4al5dBvRbOdsJBNVJuX-w	Chuck Norris has never plugged a toilet. They're afraid of what will happen if they don't take his Shit.
dO00h4QwQRSwhbkdYF8ICA	When Chuck Norris' F/A-18 Super Hornet fighter jet was struck by a ground to air missle, he ejaculated over Pakistan.
btEud5MeQe2-CNnfLJ_Ldw	As a child, Chuck Norris played Hot Potato with live hand grenades.
TZX9rXfLR7KBKQESdL9Icw	Chuck Norris once entered a drinking contest and won by drink everything in 1 second
SA0v-BwgQj-owl3pk9B_-A	Chuck Norris makes the speed of light wish it was faster.
Oe4o2kAAQf-XD5eT7A-HWA	Area 51 is owned by Chuck Norris. So are Areas 1-50.
SUpwpd76Q4qKiN54sskmUg	When GOOGLE denied Chuck Norris his own search engine, he persuaded them with a swift kick to the "G". http://chuckoogle.com
9_AEDHt1SNez1HYbkc3kvg	Chuck Norris attended last year's Nobel Prize ceremony wearing an all-white snakeskin pimp suit with matching widebrim hat and feather.
SB69pXBPQ_etWBFhdkPBLQ	A blind man once accidently bumped into Chuck Norris on a Texas street corner. The mere fact that he touched Chuck Norris cured the man of his blindness. But sadly, the first, last and only thing the man ever saw in his entire life was a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick to his face.
cT-Xb0kOR-eWvr4p3hIjig	Chuck Norris throws up gang-signs that don't exist in this dimension.
YB8v9TUCT4ulgh8cNQxHrg	Chuck Norris doesn't use a microwave to pop his popcorn. He simply sits the package on the counter and the kernals jump in fear of a round house kick
oH3Z_SZ4RJauX3NeUbbfFg	Nightmares have Chuck Norris-mares.
Uwq3zYPCQO2b0N51RirpqQ	Chuck Norris eats volcanoes for breakfast, and farts hurricanes while he sleeps.
RHmdtVSHQsuosAt4dlrhvQ	Chuck Norris' penis is the size of a fire extinguisher. And can pretty much do the same job.
lGgiaMRxS6OLN2ThemQxWA	Mr johnson is the only one who can overtake Chuck Norris in a moped race. Chuck Norris then dropkicked him continusly and killed him.
4cxUyFnQSpqVX8uuDPFsOw	Chuck Norris has the ability to never think arby's
yRqg8g72RoCS-2zcGi9RGQ	Chuck Norris can sing in a bass voice that makes Barry White and Lou Rawls sound like members of The Chipmunks by comparison.
1-dII60OQGKZfsnmsiJ-bA	Which phrase has Chuck Norris never spoken? a. "I was wrong." b. "My bad." c. "I don't know." d. "Was it good for you?" e. All of the above  The answer is "e." Chuck knows all, never makes a mistake, and satisfies every woman he nails at least twice each time.
9a0U6-eOTHauvN2Jj8YoDQ	Chuck Norris can speak Braille.
PF0h2_dnQqyyHb-L-GDXWQ	All your base are belong to Chuck Norris.
VFjSpUTVTHqv44fHPIp42w	There are soccer moms, and then there are Chuck Norris moms. And guess which one yours is.
Ys9fVItSSSaVZ94tNEhDfw	Chuck Norris didn't like this joke, so he deleted it by roundhouse kicking it.
v3I4G1oQRSOuDn9WQ89h0Q	the imitation to Chuck Norris fighting style is kung fu
3l0NTl4kSw2jfSzEA2Lgdw	In 1644 Chuck Norris killed 1000 knights in a jousting match, not with a lance, but with his penis.
PCaoBbzqQBym0Hcsq8oKQg	Because of Chuck Norris the big 5 is now know as the big 6.
RdTozqhvRp2vFRK2Ucr5nQ	Chuck Norris has a million Espurr. When they hug his legs, you better get the bleep out of there, or else you'll die a death worse than a roundhouse kick.  Don't believe me? Have you even READ Espurr's Pokedex entries?
bcoIW0i2SGeftIdx6iYzNA	The Chuck Norris commandments: Six days thou shalt work out on your Total Gym, but the seventh day thou shalt rest and watch a Chuck Norris movie (Chuck 1:4)
fGnZzcBSS2SXbyLXAPCFpQ	When the chainsaw massacre saw Chuck Norris's dick he cut off his.
-TTubSnlS_yttRztA1TymA	Chuck Norris volunteers at the hospital, he pulls the plugs
cBPg2SmITnuvKTbQHmP1CA	Chuck Norris is the landlord of the Hall of Justice.
JnoW56QfQx6d7k_nipqh_g	Chuck Norris' driver's license simply shows his shoe size.
iANo-D4oT0q5SVPnjhNfQQ	CHUCK NORRIS is your daddy
H_kE59K4SDi-lgW7s2E7Yw	The reason Charlie Sheen is winning, is because Chuck Norris isn't playing.
bGBlwqUMSHu7CNDSXoFefA	It has been said that Chuck Norris has "the eye of the tiger". He also has the eyes of a badger, a tarantula, a komodo dragon. an octopus, 3 bald eagles and an aardvark. He keeps them all in a Claussen dill pickle jar hidden under his bed for safe keeping.
EejhEISxT7WeYK_GgneoOA	What's the difference between REM an Chuck Norris?  One sings "Everybody Hurts", the other just hurts everybody.
E845zzAGRcSis93soxklFw	Chuck Norris doesn't need sunblock. The Sun needs Chuck Norris block, CNPF (Chuck Norris Protection Factor) 1000000000000000
S7pnE9abRMuJ_pBn3cLOrw	Super Mario was based on Chuck Norris, in that as a young man, Norris briefly worked as a plumber. And he loves to take mushrooms and stomp defenseless turtles to death
_nHrivZuTuOebVVya0e2LA	Godzilla is lucky that Chuck Norris doesn't live in Japan
GANj4-1BQq6Xzy7-POB0_Q	Chuck Norris ain't no novice.
-o4PnZJZQGWqGujEPqczNQ	Chuck Norris eats leaves and shits out crisp 100 dollar bills in neat bundles. He refers to the process as eco-friendly minting process.
zywxkMVyRFmrG93_G2zJUA	Chuck Norris was told he needs to be more sensitive. Chuck said "I am sensitive, the last guy that mouthed off to me got kicked in the nuts instead of the face".
wzQI8bPgSk2Ysh8OXyoe8A	Chuck Norris ordered a Big Mac at KFC. He got one.
TKMWUQYnQrS1pcibLaEJsw	Chuck Norris can play funk bass with old cables from the golden gate bridge.
7SgHnwZPThqlDUYvonn13Q	There used to be a Chuck Norris-brand toilet paper...but it was taken off the market because it wouldn't take shit from anyone
yy26oy4jS1O5NmvFfxzAxA	Chuck Norris once knifed a guy to death then beat up the knife.
lulpsYvTQROW5q3GNJRVXQ	Hookers have nicknamed Chuck Norris "hemorrhoid" because of the residual pain in thier assholes.
_gczr0ctrjaia-asoqxbrq	If Chuck Norris were a calendar, every month would be named Chucktober, and every day he'd kick your ass.
1kXxOaLYTauxnCSVQFp-nA	Chuck Norris has sex with whales. It is not that he is into sick animal sex, it is just that the whale is the only animal with the vagina that can accommodate Chuck Norris' dick.
Lhv6arXDSkqU39p1p4jxmQ	Chuck Norris can make Jenny leave the Block.
T98Jcw4IRBSU4YLI-00BWA	the reason the Grudge crokes is because Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked it in the throat
7hM0_eLTSaiXmpHO_29iOg	Chuck Norris has never been called for jury duty. They know that Chuck literally would be Judge, jury and executioner if they did.
5Ys4LMPuSvWY_lXFDKA2TA	Chuck Norris owns a chain of Starchucks along the Pacific north-west, for all your coffee, alcohol and firearms needs.
a2jf4L3WQUyk8W_9OL5SVQ	On a bad day, Chuck Norris will kill you. On a good day Chuck Norris will have only pulled your hemorrhoids out thru your nostrils.
h1-rK4W6RLiNz-XLgzj2jQ	All of Chuck Norris' limbs act as natural particle accelerators.
3YiGVQKWSMiOrPTKx3QTCg	Chuck Norris once heard Vin Diesel was tougher than he was. Enraged Chuck began a cross country jog from Texas to California and confronted Vin. It is not known exactly what happened but Immeidately following the confrontation Vin appeared in the movie the "Pacifier", working for free. Vin has not appeared in any movies since but is scheduled to be a guest on the critically acclaimed sitcom "Days of our Lives".
kyxQHOBoQTuQxW-fhym5aQ	Chuck Norris' anniversary present for his wife was giving birth to the baby for her.
MWjXCzdFSmCcXMTleksLyw	Chuck Norris farts helium, which is tapped by the US Meteorological department to send balloon up into ionosphere. True fact.
ah6K27xuT82o0JcYGjRWKw	Chuck Norris made SCREAM scream so bad he drops his mouth
y7_p2-52sc2t7ho1hjtwcq	Chuck Norris can write multi-threaded applications with a single thread.
d0XTIbBzTgyk5HaX84okYA	Just to show off, Chuck Norris will occasionally use his testicles in nunchuck demonstrations.
ba5pI2h6SoSU37brTFh5vg	Chuck Norris's "Will" will never be stronger than Chuck Norris.
7J21uefmSEiREVbjy_5pwA	Navy Seals use Chuck Norris' dingle berries to make cluster bombs.
nbfmksvwq3stmubxphsfbw	Saddam Hussein was not found hiding in a "hole." Saddam was roundhouse-kicked in the head by Chuck Norris in Kansas, which sent him through the earth, stopping just short of the surface of Iraq.
uy9WMmwOR32B4OZ_gunblA	When Chuck Norris was denied a Bacon McMuffin at McDonalds because it was 10:35, he roundhouse kicked the store so hard it became a KFC.
indVcVYHQPaCUkLmenKI9Q	If Chuck Norris tried to punch himself he would deflect each blow creating an infinite loop. A paradox nobody can solve, except Chuck Norris.
KbhEdxyLSJSuu9aDH4yd3w	Chuck Norris does not need oxygen to breath
UFe-KUq6Ri--cUyaE8K4aQ	Don Juan was a real Chuck Norris
f_wALTzwRmq0LbfQ1JGC4w	the movie Alien VS Predator,was a loosly based documentary of the time when Chuck Norris fucked a fat chick
zV2fzxDvRMyEdgSk2jTVKg	Chuck norris' sperm can kick your ass
Pp1yrl05QxOcrwWJSM2N-A	If Chuck Norris ever says to you, "relax, I got your back", do not for a second believe that he is going to protect you from anything! Because that means he has just ripped out your spine.
cmVOzHTJTaiZbOX2wpJtnA	Chuck Norris tested the tower 200 now the door has abs
pM7Z-3N9SSyuKI3S-AnflQ	CHuck Norris is the Mack Daddy, and we are all but his hoes.
0rR6tJKIRAqpVUionTmPnQ	A man once introduced Chuck Norris as Carlos Ray (Chuck) Norris at a Texas law enforcement convention. Scientists now have no proof that that man ever existed.
UlCHS2ppSme40EmQ7cKYlw	Don't bother praying to be saved from Chuck Norris; God was about to ask you the same thing.
l9g7fsj4t_gvxtxnopzyhw	Chuck Norris uses a night light. Not because Chuck Norris is afraid of the dark, but the dark is afraid of Chuck Norris.
cnPGHq4NR7eIMoVTxHCEQg	Chuck Norris survived Alderaan.
Lbu8O1ijRymHVd8YhZHePw	In 2014 Chuck Norris invested 1 cent with a Wall Street investment firm. As of today he became a billionaire.
hzoq1YmCSneUvyH01cSoFQ	When the sun goes outside,he puts on Chuck Norris glasses.
1oP9s8H8S92woc9EizN5gw	Chuck Norris once had AIDS and cancer - for breakfast.
S4ztZkUNRCi5Abu0VM0KVQ	When a young Chuck Norris learnt how to swim, he didn't need any floaties or vests. He swam laps with his feet encased in concrete.
1A81aZRoTsyP27KBNYk4Lg	Chuck Norris has never lost a sock.
6uo-x24nT7mwCjCJvMjHNA	Chuck Norris' nut is macadamia flavored.
lLwVN6kmQLq6pnyBrm5lnw	Chuck Norris and Cookie Monster once had a contest to see who ate the most cookies. At the end, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked Cookie Monster in the head.
ix90vlogtyqtbcpzdgp_va	Chuck Norris can judge a book by its cover.
Fj-N799EQpe9iUnMktcScg	Chuck Norris is the 1001 way to die
wEmndQnfS3-8EAGrRTHrTA	If he wanted to, Chuck Norris could give himself a barium enema with his own dick.
5sekZRetRaa8HmOAPqkHHA	Press this button to see Chuck Norris at age 32, and to die. ---->O It's not a real button, by the way. When Chuck Norris rates this good, though, it will be.
0ozvTNusQMe5N445kmvGUg	For every foot that comes well packed with force, fear, pain and suffering, that foot is connected to a leg and that leg, with muscles like steel, is bound forever strong to a creature known as Chuck Norris.
wBq7IOiXSwOuZScaevFxwg	Chuck Norris didnt dial the wrong number......you just answered the wrong phone
An5rpUR7R06M1Qoo93rHkw	Wolverine's bezerker rage was based on the time Chuck Norris was told that he was simply too old to ride the teacup ride at Disney World.
fMf4pLnLSq68XjCjAAaLkA	Chuck Norris has eaten over 3200 species of animals, 2436 of them insects.
inXrWc49TA6K9e6KtlyLAA	Chuck Norris has a role in every Saw movie... as the traps!
Z-J0OVeTQqKODN4Bonz5iQ	When Chuck Norris pokes you on Facebook you can feel it
xZhQTBcQTMyXiqJ_SFe7dA	The Colosseum is the last remaining Chuck Norris memorabilia on earth (apart from the earth itself). It was actually his first shit pot. When he grow up and left it, crowds of people started coming in just to view his shit and soon, kings, soldiers, gladiators and animals started fighting for it.
NNL9H2CgTL6FFR7zHmS-tQ	If you look in Chuck Norris eyes their is no dought you will explode
KcI0fxhZQ1i0v0DinXHP4A	Time waits for no one, except for Chuck Norris.
Or9mysJBQEikJScVMcqyAQ	Old Mother Hubbard went to her cupboard to get her poor doggy a bone. But when she bent over, Chuck Norris took over, 'cause Chuck had a bone of his own.
AtaecsqGTXWcz2v271hCdw	Freddy fazbear and his friends dont scare Chuck Norris.....Chuck norris beats up Freddy and his friends.
plxUYtxzRsGivMXy62bpQg	Chuck Norris un-invented the Parabolic Hemorrhoid Disruptor which is why we have never heard of it before.
LWWmRn7PQQGnOxTPslODKg	Giraffes are born or created when Chuck Norris uppercuts a Horse!
UqKux4CgT_OwrAowN0R03Q	Chuck Norris knows the meaning of every word known to man... except mercy.
1-pKo7WLRq2a_rnVl6kOrA	Eternal life use to exist until Chuck Norris uninvented it, now Chuck decides who lives and dies
cest05tut1saps-rfcmndq	Chuck Norris can win a game of Connect Four in only three moves.
d4kMU2HBTBSoXat3lPgB0Q	Chuck Norris is not allowed to play in the NBA because only he can complete a 3 point slam dunk.
ICfKLqhqQ1mK99iIHzXT2A	If Chuck Norris hits himself, he'll create an infinite loop by countering each blow, a paradox no one can solve. Except Chuck Norris.
TzPMHwZuQbW4ec4_yNi9XQ	Chuck Norris once scolded his wife for putting a bag of carrots in the beer crisper.
QRLIjG43SlCYUieS4aWpEg	Chuck Norris doesn't walk home...Home walks to Chuck Norris!
dhnjcxerSjmTVKAH15SZOQ	Chuck Norris ritually craps out quotes that all of us would be lucky to utter on our deathbeds
RUePcdhVTYC_hQGkC6SQYg	Chuck Norris was having sex on a simi truck, it is now known as Optimus Prime
E8MQByNzQr2buvL0SH1YsQ	Chuck Norris only keeps in touch with his first nine dozen kids - all the others around the world get a quarterly newsletter
zu_5XbU7QweDpb_eZ5yEtg	Chuck Norris invented KFC's 11 herbs and spices, but people did not know about the 12th ingredient:FEAR
06hWjn1zTNKSAu8Whp22Fg	It was actually Chuck Norris who gave Halle Berry the vanilla fever.
NF8XHXkxSUakq8G4p4_g_Q	Chuck Norris loves how the harvest moon glistens upon hunted flesh.
idA782rwQ8y-NoAWj73aiw	Chuck Norris was on one part on Titanic.... He was the iceberg!
LJatOwobSgiVd57y3Scj_g	When Chuck Norris was 9 he was out trick or treating and ran into Freddy Kruger. Chuck kicked the crap out of Freddy then took his candy.
bTIqnfihSh2U6sbjfTFi7Q	Chuck Norris was born while his mother was lion hunting on the African Savanna. Just seconds later he strangled a hyena with his own umbilical cord.
_Lw7nNWwReK2TJHMF6Oupw	"Chuck Norris doesnt have to shave, his beard shaves itself."
xfXwHGOuTW2qyTuv5bRQWQ	Did you know?  The name Chuck Norris means Chuck Norris in every other language.
1Kr6Jq-gTSi9NYjU9FJjcg	Chuck norris once trew his used condom in the toilet 9months later the ninja turtles was born
7rXxnuK3SwC5Z6kXskgLIg	The last time Chuck Norris was invited to the White House, the invitation said 'come as you are', so that's how he went - wearing nothing but a pair of assless chaps and a beer.
yPHX1VwbTVezj1-WZrCpow	Chuck Norris does INDEED want a piece of you.
PT4mQFuQRh6am-zXha6Ssg	A Chuck Norris roundhouse kick to your solar plexus will cause your toenails to crack.
90itL5AYSESY_31U4Hy6hQ	Chuck Norris has a twin brother. He is known as Satan.
mMCLcQ8hTEa_27XbEFw-6Q	When Chuck Norris touches a cactus , he doesn't get prickled. The cactus gets Chuck Norris.
jRIFbGisTSiFv9iCU0qRdg	Chuck Norris was once turned loose in a china shop.
7EAxQJ9-QgCS31xGwynBPw	Chuck Norris calls his left and right fists "Great Vengeance" and "Furious Anger"
dfYI9ju7SCqVmW7ulOx3wA	do you know why Pluto is no longer a planet? Because Chuck Norris says so
Ra-jUd3kS4eRiFuJoFaDPQ	The Amish fertilize their gardens with Chuck Norris shit.
XYV8PgfSSyWVK50sYU0niw	Chuck Norris's skateboard has 22" spinning rims.
ry14ymq8Q2KifeWO4ggfRg	When Chuck Norris is a contestant on "Jeopardy," he can answer in any form he damn well chooses.
9mW-XlVGQsyf_cSxwwIpgA	Chuck Norris played a game of ping-pong with the wall.... and won
gJNJhMpFTcKwfTLCnawkRQ	James Cameron did not make Avatar Chuck Norris did he made it from a Text Message.
2N4EGsy8TFyUR54Ny0UP2A	If you are female, and you are reading this, Chuck Norris just fucked you and erased your memory when you read the word 'fucked'. And again, just then. Fuck, sorry.
xuIKQFakSIiNX-8oOFqdLQ	You know when you have that feeling that you've seen all of this before....... That's just your life flashing before your eyes after chuck Norris roundhouse kicked you in the face.
nixwdo9aTjGGxjL0UjSrvQ	Chuck Norris has two speeds. Walk, and Kill.
085c_ObbSFSpHwHEdurqGQ	Chuck Norris doesn't need sleep. He gets plenty every time he blinks.
HewB--IFT9CFuiu1rlYToQ	Osama Bin Laden wasn't that good at hiding. Obama just had to pay Chuck Norris to go on holiday for one night
1kIzBSo9QZ2ImoKeKemXUA	When Chuck Norris kills yo mamma don't cry he was just telling her he likes her sweater in karate
gcu1ibbzsyootruza5rsya	When Arnold says "I'll be back" in Terminator movie it is implied that he's going to ask Chuck Norris for help.
2U3qf8mFS5iCfgFnkxq9Aw	Loosely translated, 'Gangnam' is korean for 'Chuck Norris sodomy'.
UCnieBIdSGCz4BXpXEv_Hg	Chuck Norris doesn't mow his lawn; he dares it to grow.
ffcZkpYiQ0KJt3YjNkW-RQ	Chuck Norris once ran 3857689753872893687 kilometers in 0.000000001 seconds in wet cement while pulling a 783769718-wheeler truck full of 75939284869686 cubic meters of very heavy objects. [insert the phrase "over 9000!" many times here, please]
iYMZxiF3SfGxT4pgLiukpw	Chuck Norris penis can go around the universe.Twice.
eaZkVBlbSNGK2NKiAgK4iw	Chuck Norris audits the IRS.
j3sBa0rMSKaaG_QPdZcz2A	Chuck Norris is the reason why babies cry.
aIWOczF9TT2QVDogi3hrZQ	TV commercials advertise Gorilla Glue. Gorillas repair things with Chuck Norris Glue.
kWvH5sdXSFOMaBtf9lUlGw	Chuck Norris once read the entire Merriam-Webster dictionary backwards in pig-Latin, while roundhouse kicking 30 ninjas.
HBlEXg3-Q_iSQCebyptNzg	Chuck Norris was born in a log cabin that he built with his own two hands
kxOR5qxOQGSMN0wQPxSjcQ	Chuck Norris tattooed his name onto Satan's penis at his request. Then roundhouse-kicked him.
qo4THZdeRLypW5HqXueEqg	If Chuck Norris was going to die in 4 seconds Steven Seagal "Might" get a hit on him with Steven Seagal dieing on Chuck Norris last breath
j8Ngqd1dSxmT0SYqVTZpEg	Chuck Norris cut his own umbilical cord
zSHg9mMSQnKpyzNodYA8rA	Chuck Norris has to asexually reproduce due to the fact no woman would survive in bed with him.
HgD0RwmeQeqT1fkHWxN92w	Chuck Norris doesn't urinate, Chuck Norris urines 10.
pWFcPdIQQNCq8pMINvOgHQ	Chuck Norris had a razor named after him, made by Gillette for women.   He is the best a woman can get.
ZicalrmjSBSEq_3pMMmHzg	Chuck Norris made Tom Petty back down.
nM7O38EMQLulbz_Za2DPYg	Some creatures fatally confuse Chuck Norris' beard with a rain forrest.
psoHkcAVSWCD1cuXGRRveg	Chuck Norris is ALL that AND a bag of chips!
4JhNY0R7Q8O0vqpf_Uv9JQ	Chuck Norris once ran for president. The president shrieked like a girl, shat himself and fainted.
EQzIbt_vQtqH74tEYtXNwg	Chuck Norris can spell the word "one" with the number 1.
mtIJH_zKR3a6rB7ROa1ugg	Chuck Norris bought a double cheeseburger from McDonalds on the dollar menu for 2 dollars. He then proceeded to round house kick the cashier
HgYReXZQQwa_R0OnMZuFMQ	Chuck Norris can pluck out individual Hydrogen and Oxygen atoms from a water molecule.
KCBX4-4pS0SuBTHfSk7JkA	The last time Chuck Norris went carolling, he wound up getting signed to a five-album solo contract with Sony.
Dx1JanzGT7qNBZRliEP_MA	Chuck Norris drinks Texas tea.
MeZV3otTTiCVuCizSSYSLw	Chuck Norris use to eat clowns but they taste funny.
tug6rFEcRa6uNMrGyaE9PQ	Chuck Norris died twenty years ago, But death is too afraid to tell him.
mOP1SPYBQhim72uJybEnEg	Gordon Ramsay said that Chuck Norris' peanut butter and jelly sandwiches are outstanding and suitable for 5 star gourmet restaurants.
CviIHPRhTliBecAp0PhUUQ	Only Chuck Norris can cause a Sonic Boom.
1fkrltd6skk9tj3nm9xphq	Movie trivia: The movie "Invasion U.S.A." is, in fact, a documentary.
LnIFTA0XQWudJ1_stPZJ9g	Chuck Norris like to do cartwheels up and down the aisles while the plane is landing.
0Vvfy3rdRZ25837WzZYoWA	McDonald's got the idea of putting "Billions Served" on their signs after their founder visited Chuck Norris' house and saw his "Billions of Heads Severed" plaque on the wall.
CBE9xsKlTuqAZW1bRB44OA	It is scientifically impossible for Chuck Norris to have had a mortal father. He went back in time and fathered himself.
iRZwQNYqS_eNJ0qVLqhrKA	Bruce Spingsteen calls Chuck Norris "The Boss".
Jg-8ZBh-RYOJH3q_ZUznAA	Chuck Norris can grasp the true form of gigas
xT-vgkEHR9SeoAd0rHfkIg	Chuck Norris' penis can make cold water shrink.
jIKN_6PuSjiSTSg7o5avNQ	A man once took Chuck Norris to court for alleged assult. After the shortest jury deliberation in history, the man was found guilty of first-degree Talking Shit About Mr. Norris and sentenced to death by instant roundhouse kick.
x4NPTkogSDmoNKJgWFfbhQ	Chuck Norris doesn't go to the gas station. Chuck Norris goes to Jurassic Park.
WCWOKzS_TZ2YyBlIrqJbAA	Chuck Norris is a lot like Dr. Dre: you should never, ever forget about him. Similarly, nor should you talk about guns like he ain't got none.
ioQzTZe-TQWzF8gVV2eQgQ	there isn't an I in team but there is an I in Chuck Norris
cKbLFZ8uS1WrpLxVly_CaA	Slenderman runs from Chuck Norris. Its also the reason why Slenderman has no eyes.....Chuck Norris roundhoused kicked his face.
TQl9FFK9Rhq0TkSZtgu05w	Chuck Norris is who taught Pai Mei from Kill Bill.
cGpGYYKOTy-P8UODbG45UQ	Chuck Norris's penis clears its throat before ejaculating.
82i-1-KFQcOsyx2NDCcYpA	When Chuck Norris fires a gun, he never misses. The bullets are too scared to fail him.
LsHY3lIIQH-D-zgvbpZq-g	Chuck Norris already knows that this is the 3,000th fact about him. It's just that Chuck don't give a fuck.
RlrANagQSCG1oWxp8Fsj6w	Chuck Norris knows Chivalry is dead. He was the one who killed it.
7ojrOhlCRuO140B4BWKv2g	The reason Link can't speak is because he got a roundhouse kick in the throat by an unidentified bearded man "Scientists believe him to be Chuck Norris"
OTNBYiMZTZyw7CH98u8Qng	Chuck Norris getting his ass kicked is as likely as seeing a vampire with a suntan.
3xLfsIvuRAuwFQ6729LhOA	The only thing that can survive a nuke is twinkes. And Chuck Norris.
bASVgWlbR9i0pPeJDfVdLQ	Chuck Norris is the reason the BeeGees sing "Staying Alive"
LQDsZuk2RhSu3DKHpxE7Gw	The greatest trick Chuck Norris ever pulled was convincing the world that the Chuck Norris facts are just jokes.
RFEa2JpGTuG22DfXrpFFgg	Chuck Norris doesn't need a bubble-bath. He simply farts in the water.
uwnNyGXfQkCSvu2uyFkW4g	The insanely popular one-man show "Three Hours Of Chuck Norris Standing On Stage And Staring At You" has been to over 75 countries around the world, to a combined audience of over four million. There were no surviors.
tquE6d2LRxqTh74d2FJi6A	Every convicted killer in the history of the world has been innocent. They were all just covering for Chuck Norris.
mT3oyXi4TVaK999uk2FMUg	Chuck Norris once paddled the shit out of Ronald McDonald with his own shoes. He later commented "Anyone who wears stupid big red shoes like that is a fucking clown."
hWJuY-RuSJ22NVJ3ca_7dg	Chuck Norris loved the soft moaning sounds your mother made when they were conceiving you.
dZwwZZ90RuKavBn63PmXjg	Chuck Norris ate the fat bastard who ate all the pies.
3Sqx0je-RvKW6QB7zG1Rsw	Chuck Norris once visited the Virgin Islands. They are now the Islands.
lgqeSksOTY-E0uIEd7ABUQ	Women can develope a case of vaginal warts by simply staring at Chuck Norris' crotch.
Cuuv-gSWSoe8i7lyGRlVpg	If you seriously start thinking about how awesome it must be to be Chuck Norris, you will burst into flames.
pTVAZRxjQKOQH4NK56_aQA	Whenever someone clicks on Chuck Norris' facebook page, they instantly get round house kicked
tMsLA0d2S42qINVoTy5SlQ	Chuck Norris lives in the guest house at his Texas palatial estate. Only his main house mansion is spacious enough to store all of his guns, ammo and ninja death stars.
B1Rz0sqqT3a7sP2I71eXhg	Chuck Norris round-house kicked micheal jackson and he turned from black to white
emNHJhBYQIq2z38EY3_NRQ	Chuck Norris is so tough you could sharpen a knife just by holding it in the air next to his face.
T44LmriAR9OhFQIdoeOyYw	Chuck Norris can paint over sanitary silicone.
q6db4WU0TLCdkpsssS-KCw	A horse is hung like Chuck Norris
kupfAt0zQ2yd4BwaS6bA2A	Chuck Norris has won the Publisher Clearing House 1 million a year for live every year for the last ten years. But he has never entered their contest.
SVdvBhI6RZudJ5Lq8C9YGw	In Left 4 Dead:  If you startle the witch she runs to you and kills you.  If Chuck norris startle the witch she tries to run away but always ends up being raped and roundhouse kicked to death
neaw0pTwTdO1DRDbi6f0WA	Chuck Norris has KISS' Gene Simmons makeup design tattooed to his face in blacklight-reactive ink.
KP_IIt3pSjOmguGs2mZz0w	The U.S. Coast Guard has recognized Chuck Norris' gonads and nut sack as a legal personal floatation device.
vVQVcSL-QP29WujC130i2Q	Mr T once beat chuck Norris in an arm wrestling match, as an act of retaliation Chuck Norris invented racism.
Wo18PIweSTG-_fVn6yIxlw	The following is the complete list of things Chuck Norris cannot do:
bjm25cv_SA6xUEYHqSCRfw	If Chuck norris punched the earth it wouldnt shatter it would create a black black hole and only let the the people live that he deemed worthy
8ugvhPkWTWO1PZCVGsdlGA	Chuck Norris sees you.
nwspkrnqQu22zzyLbXOYGg	"Iron Man" was originally going to be called "Chuck Norris: The Movie," but everyone who knew about it got roundhouse kicked. Afterwords, Chuck Norris hired Robert Downey Jr. and had the movie called "Iron Man"
uFUk2OWCROiFgGsDlJyCFw	Jesus didn't walk on water. Chuck Norris carried him.
f9L_FlqCS7WRp8bFYMxpcg	The Beatles are on itunes because Chuck Norris finally bought a Mac.
zudeTrzOQZe4BzSea_mkIg	Got Chuck Norris???? You Better not.......
iqzUvsQqTY6omuj7Zta5nA	Chuck Norris once challenged Cool Hand Luke to an egg eating contest. Chuck Norris beat Cool Hand Luke by eating 500 eggs to Luke's record of 50. Chuck Norris's bowel movement after he ate all those eggs later starred in the 80's film "Howard the Duck!"
xolMOSgKSUCraKUHBYp2Cw	Chuck Norris' pet mouse, Mr Whiskers, ate a cat.
Jq9LPnxBTGy6EhyvKG3T7g	Chuck Norris can plug that spilling oil pipe in the gulf of mexico. Call him on 1-200-HANG-UP
a8gpVtbbSeuHN35cW4V6IQ	coyote vs road runner is just a performance how fast can Chuck Norris bip-iping
6qqVPMEZRnmgAGYfoJn1mA	Someone once videotaped Chuck Norris getting pissed off. It was called Walker: Texas Chain Saw Massacre
rK7dA5D7TZWxY8kpvFRHXQ	Chuck Norris can gag you with a horrendous stinch simply by typing the word "fart" on his computer keyboard.
71YuHmAOT8mfbMh5eWT77w	While we drink coffee in the morning, Chuck Norris drinks jet fuel.
ddyaxsFLQJenHwIIPq1JDA	Chuck Norris once said to a bitch named Mary: "Mary Mary quite contrary, How does your garden grow? With silver bells and cockle shells, And why the Hell did you plant those fucking eggplants when you knew I wanted habanero hot peppers and horseradish"?
8u3AJB0wTH6o-PPoMjww2A	Chuck Norris once grabbed Vin Diesel and inserted his index finger into Vin Diesel's anus. Vin Diesel got very pissed over the matter. Chuck Norris then started kicking him continously non-stop for a day for not having any sense of humor.
U0lakP8RQ2ybsQeoNMGSQA	Chuck Norris can recite the alphebet sideways
l3fp-46lRZynS1kr_RtM2A	Chuck Norris is a pussy
6k44xkcvtqaspuamoelofg	Chuck Norris puts his pants on one leg at a time, just like the rest of us. The only difference is, then he kills people.
cId-_FEeQ-qwN0W8QqnFnw	Chuck Norris can perform a three-point turn. With a tractor trailer. In an alley.
Fa1jx9hxQxqQCyrV9qXK-A	Chuck Norris un-invented the parabolic hemorrhoid disruptor which is why you have never heard of it before now.
-t85y0gySYOHB6Z7N8FKlQ	People pray to God. God prays to Chuck Norris
1ADz-rnrTaCQgFiXW7o44g	Chuck Norris isn't a human being, he's a human doing.
lmcZde9rQsetcCHjC9BoCQ	When Chuck Norris typed "LMAO" on the internet, he actually did it.
TvuYbog5SeW5Vl0qk6Gs7w	@Chuck Norris fack/joke 5251: Wait, is it possible to get that achievement in 0.31? Maybe even if you're NOT Chuck Norris... if you can.
7MVcJYj2SJSxemSGfhjBYA	The actual definition of thunder is Chuck Norris coming to kill you.
rvs7ERnISZKiO1JKWKR-DA	Chuck Norris walked into a bar. everyone died and the bar exploded into a bar. the end.
acYvUuydRRCgcUTLyakBOA	Chuck Norris' bodyguards a lucky to have Chuck Norris as their bodyguard.
scL459pRQ-qDrVqfhFCkdw	Chuck Norris went up Niagara Falls in a barrel.
z3JU0YlJRmaqiNnTka522g	Chuck Norris can play xbox live on ps3
pXHiFM7-TG-7FI1vaQIMGA	Bugs in rugs are as snug as Chuck Norris
1jd1yjq4SgKOzgXh3fKqdg	the first thing Chuck Norris said wen he was born was ..... i hate corey
eUjgYeaNT0iEnDMHKqL-XA	Many men wear Depends to control urinary and anal leakage. Chuck Norris wears titanium underwear to contain his deadly fart odor & magnificant erection overloads.
F0Gs7NXfQmSPSS4Q0D0UUA	Chuck Norris won an Olympic Gold Medal in the Men's Singles Luge competition while riding down the ice on a pair of hair tweezers.
QUMzi01dTH6FG30NazoWqw	If mike tyson and mahammud ali fought who would win. CHUCK NORRIS
i3nbcxjAQ_e6zibp6nZZTw	China was once bordering the United States, until Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked it all the way through the Earth.
pnk-iwkxqt6_k2fqgeuxwq	If you rearrange the letters in "Chuck Norris", they also spell "Crush Rock In". The words "with his fists" are understood.
YWXCeusKQAGee7zNPaRlQg	there is no such thing as mud-slides, Chuck Norris just had some indigestion from last nights bean burrito.
Geap7oNbRuuN849HwmZjKQ	Chuck Norris has put together a string of conquests that would make even the most hardened cocksman flaccid with envy.
zaBJtyEuTrKeA4QnShNsog	Chuck Norris was born :December 32nd
-iMz75p3QMyHvAOT5xtTAQ	Chuck Norris is so cool, every time his name is mentioned a man is cured of impotence.
IyjQdoahRK2F7xeMiI4ioA	For every foot that comes packed with force, fear, pain and suffering, that foot is connected to a leg, and that leg, with muscles like steel, is bound forever strong to a creature known as Chuck Norris.
5K140-iDR3-FwZGzbV82fQ	In an average day, Chuck Norris:  kills 74 and a half people sleeps with 120 women eats two large automobiles saves the world thrice, and decimates a small city.
r-1u3t1STvWxsYg_3TbZ4Q	y bruce lee defeated himjust because he was figting agains Chuck Norris shadow.we know , Chuck Norris can jump over shadow
XS0ThkHSTcGNFWF-ULjRVg	Chuck Norris knows what it sounds like when doves cry.
EDl9Sl6rQF-knndkXwZjwQ	Chuck Norris can deflower a virgin more than once.
BaCRI_XLTdeIZJLDoYX6Hw	When Chuck Norris plays football, he uses his foot and your balls.
7kgGzdtmTLiDNIz32DJxuQ	Chuck Norris' tears cure cancer. Too bad he has never cried.
QPLHJAQHQvG6YvVQYQug_g	Chuck Norris took the flintstones out the stone age and the Jetsons out of the space age.
jYmH1NlLReifUUhWufp_DQ	Chuck Norris can impregnate Hercules just by pointing at him.
BiKqA8enQ9uUZ4VUsQjgUA	Chuck Norris once gave someone 8 seconds to live. That person is now known as the Rage Guy. URL=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E29iOPSxF94&NR=1&feature=fvwp
SNt0xVhFTmmQ5NMmD43nbA	Chuck Norris CAN kill a dead body!
XSZti5CZTqmbt6uFRO8Kuw	When Chuck Norris gets hot, he decides to take a niiiiiiice dip in quicksand.
MlnnLxjBRVmA1qtboaWy6Q	For St. Patrick's day, Chuck Norris caught and crucified a Leprechaun, drank six kegs of green beer and roundhouse kicked the mayor of Boston.
wft-ksbrqncyrcg0k8cpzw	Chuck Norris does not need to type-cast. The Chuck-Norris Compiler (CNC) sees through things. All way down. Always.
each6usssvavuwtvv3r95q	The class object inherits from Chuck Norris
zGleww66Q5aE54X2iuRW6w	Unlike Mr T, Chuck Norris does not pity the fool. Chuck Norris beats him to death.
ymysTSrURtalJMiAA14r9A	The world is actually a long action movie franchise and we're all just background characters in Chuck Norris' story.
dtctNnKpQRGkEwBboam93w	Despite popular belief, Neil Armstrong wasn't the first man on the moon, but some random dude named Steve who insulted Chuck Norris by saying that his beard looked stupid. The reason why noone found Steve's remains was because he evaporated on impact with the moon.
zEzKvLkNSSSwxpPw0daBeA	Every baby cries when they are born, because an image of Chuck Norris pops into there minds.
qE0gIoeCSiiQrraMRtResA	There is a sure cure for women unable to achieve orgasm -- fantasize about Chuck Norris.
rtTeBA1VTGWQUm2RpLuQPA	Chuck Norris Does Not Teabag The Ladies..........He Potato Sacks Them. :D
WG8NLY9DRiCAdfZUH2XyIQ	Chuck Norris can recharge his chuckPod by plugging it into a piece of cheese.
O_-HJldSSaKxiESY9BG-VQ	The World's Most Interesting Man worships Chuck Norris.
Nt_srZqdSkmfSFDeZDjsIw	Chuck Norris buy groceries with his driver's license.
FefUVMeETDWeuK61IMQLSA	Chuck Norris took a ccoking class in the 7th grade. For his first assignment he barbequed a wolverine.
AJ2j8jUHS7-kuqIh6yVJLQ	Chuck Norris' turban can hold a Glock and twelve grenades.
RpTHZ6PTTku17xhjfKBrpQ	Do you know why Chuck Norris doesn't have hair on his balls because hair doesn't grow on steel!
HwM6STYDQqaGFCduNqRVkA	Betty Davis has Chuck Norris eyes
URveZ7VSRbGkGxDn6mkCQw	In the Star Wars universe, Chuck Norris regards a Star Destroyer as a slice of pizza. They do HIS bidding.
tR81kk9zS9O8gvtxmdhK1A	The Rolling Stones would have disbanded less than six months after they formed if Chuck Norris hadn't attended one of their early gigs and jumped onstage to play a devastatingly awesome guitar solo, thus terrifying them into staying together for decades. (Oh, and he also pimp-slapped Mick Jagger in the lips, permanently disfigureing him.)
J7l308iCSaGPjuMEVMQr4w	Chuck Norris pasteurizes milk by drinking it
rhrbcALeQIy0w2CnZPY00Q	who ever goes on about will weston next is gettin batterd by Gary neville and Chuck Norris !
BRWK2LfoTxiUrA9nEDPOIA	Chuck Norris is the way the cookie crumbles.
vGw32ElZR8ikgiiHfKKwJQ	Apple pays Chuck Norris 99 cents every time he listens to a song.
38ZR_pVQRnmGUv30k54ZAQ	A Chuck Norris punch to the face has been directly linked to the causal affect of sleep apnea.
b-wafMzATcGsSJNhP1iGJQ	always face your fears... uless your fear is Chuck Norris, then run for your life!!
N6CyItoMQLWU43FLibTXaw	Chuck Norris recently did an audio commentary of one of his best-selling novels.
NS48Bp8XQUSad3FheB8RiQ	By twerking daily, Miley Cyrus is in training to build up her ass & snatch muscles enough to be the first woman in history to satisfy Chuck Norris in less than 5 hours by his pile driving rigid tool.
k0yzb2dpQUuIJ79b9Yl2zQ	Chuck Norris beat the hell out of Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson with a plank of wood.
vcoZmnDqSMOdondm3HJM0g	Chuck Norris likes sunny days and long walks on the beach....but only after gunning down a Taliban pre-school.
HFpfBHaNQuiSsKZWcv_Jpw	You hear of whales beaching themselves, you just know Chuck Norris is fuckin' shit up under the sea.
g0wjpjt8S3K6-ZkW1okbHw	Chuck Norris knows the last number in Pie
HVJJsHrbSJavF4g_NWABOA	Chuck Norris can levitate birds.
omejgYO-RAGf9XVDWkVfhA	When Chuck Norris wa born 3 nurses and 2 doctors were killed when he shot them with 2 MPK-5's he had developed while in the womb.
0g-ofQtyRpyKsnc8SX220Q	Rosa Parks refused to give up her seat because she was saving it for Chuck Norris.
bBbgAhdWQqeTydX_nYnQBQ	mortal kombat is not a video game, it is a home video of Chuck Norris's 5th birthday party
gvg6eppdqja0ugrghobwtw	How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could Chuck Norris? All of it.
EJVaf4V5RZOfU5b303xcFQ	If you see Chuck Norris picking his nose, it's best not to say anything.
kX33r8xBSpamT-izvwO95w	Chuck Norris can make a vivacious banana spilt of out a rotten turnip, head cheese, goat gonads and a 1/2 pint of Wild Turkey topped with dingle berries.
KJbnitWSQEWuB2A-J1872A	King Solomom had 300 concubines, Chuck Norris' concubine was King Solomon
XVDc_Uv8QmWa_XnUCtIHcw	Chuck Norris can make a Klondike Bar do anything
qmZc5kozQfaA664ahCcqAQ	When Chuck Norris was in the fourth grade, he gave HIS TEACHER detention.
QW16063tSoiUFlQj7Im76Q	Chuck Norris's shit doesn't stink
SQ4dV0NDQvaS4k5EBGjUZg	Chuck Norris dosn't rock and roll; rock and roll Chucks Noris'
69WNu9k0Spq-HFOjM9t-7A	Why are you never the 1,000,000th visitor? Because the only 1000000th visitor is Chuck Norris
RX5UqnczSS-roJblwf5Tkg	Chuck Norris once entered a drinking contest and one by drink everything in 1 second
DrTuSf4JSNuy6g1hZw5hmQ	Chuck Norris invented decaf coffee by punching a coffee bean.
r-oihj-IQumP9iwYK3Lxug	Chuck Norris wants all South Carolina beach goers to feel safe because he will personally be extracting all the teeth from all area sharks this 4th of July weekend.
Rh3sCa0RR3SPMO--BXVjpg	Chuck Norris practices his roundhouse kicks:  a. Anywhere he wants B. Chuck Norris doesn't need to practice C. On your face D. All of the above  Hint: The answer is 'd'
HoB6nO7JQrmjZKsNc2qGtQ	Chuck Norris once wrote a poem so beautiful, it makes menopausal women explode in their pants, and grown men sob awesomeness.
7B858RNRRMOu-f_DAoiN1Q	The invasion of America in Modern Warfare 2 insulted Chuck Norris by blowing up his house - he walked across the Pacific to Russia and promptly roundhouse kicked Moscow in the face, thereby ending the war.
0jc-5h_JQvaiDHS6uBUvXQ	Chuck Norris once watched an episode of Friends and saw an African-American with a major role.
MLfWSdKJQOa2FCxD_KAsFA	Some kids piss their name in the snow.  Chuck Norris can piss his name into concrete.
s9X3i_ToT6arfdd0tbT8fQ	Chuck norris doesnt call the wrong number you answer the wrong phone
Q23jWQ-hTqSm8MBW4s2T5w	In a paper due out soon, Stephen Hawking has proven that Chuck Norris exists in every universe, multiverse, and every dimension. There is no escaping Chuck Norris.
g7OGUjc7T-WPMu5m_-po_Q	Chuck Norris decided he needed to have a pet. He looked at dogs and cats then ended up getting a pet alligator named Fluffy.
IP6C9Iq4SDSR5rSTYUPr5A	Chuck Norris doen't always drink beer. But when he does, he prefers to roundhouse kick "The Most Interesting Man in the World" in the face and take his Dos Equis. "Stay thirsty my friends".
H82oLtEQRICJaITzzIWiQg	Chuck Norris can hear a pin drop. He can then locate it by sense of smell, and kill you with it.
iCIdGcJ-TjKiZ9o6PG7KDA	Joe Namath felt safe making his Super Bowl III guarantee because Chuck Norris said the Jets would win.
uPgkeVseTJCp8ad9rCcrwg	Chuck Norris showed Paloma Faith that roundhouse kicks also hurt like love.
Ro5R7s-gQzSypDU12CEVJA	Chuck Norris fought the law, and the law got roundhouse kicked in the face
DVPMmcXjS3C7t0oioaQ6qg	Chuck Norris once killed a man with a roundhouse kick to someone else's face.
Dqymq6ygREeHT8cttdeopg	Chuck Norris owns the trademark on both the 70's and the 80's.
AfhCRdsGQtKY8M6FxjLRqw	Chuck Norris doesn't shoot bullets out of guns, the bullets in the gun&#65279; jump out in fear of Chuck
g_erauczRNmtnXmjTpubhQ	Chuck Norris once shot a man, but without a gun.
XWTybTMeRReeESiw77qjNA	A sign at the entrance to NorrisWorld: 'You need to be at least this tall (30 microns) to die from a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick.'
ltg36QXQSzKpA6IkON-eeA	Which came first the chicken or the egg? Doesn't matter Chuck Norris is here.
Wk35z4oZTkekZeCTGfMsnQ	Some people think that because the Mayan calendar ends in 2012, that means the world will end.  That's not true -- the Mayan calendar ends with 2012 because they pissed off Chuck Norris. They were destroyed before they could start working on the years following.
ipKm5G-7RqmFyDbtLpnZQQ	Chuck Norris was surfing and came face to face with a huge Great White shark. The shark quickly swam away after sustaining a very serious Chuck Norris bite.
4UB21zWpRIGC1pP3Bv47iA	Chuck Norris can cure your cataracts with taser eye surgery.
xzjjwOo7RBiKvLPMA1mSEw	The children's song 'Knick-Knack-Paddy-Whack' is factually based on an incident that occured on Chuck Norris' 70th birthday in which he beat the hell out of 15 UFC fighters in a rice paddy using only his thumb, a shoe and a small porcelain figurine. Following this incident he then rolled on home and fed his dog a bone.
A9JuN3MeTXGphK59fkj8vQ	Chuck Norris can do a guitar solo on drums.
cnsjx8ezt_sf4ifbckntta	Chuck Norris does not "style" his hair. It lays perfectly in place out of sheer terror.
v3zV8KjpSgGdZyRrNtX9nA	Chuck Norris recently composed an orchestral concerto during a drunken rage.
tkllCL-6QBCy4FowP8uFXA	Jesus can walk on water, Chuck Norris can run.
-L_razZiToK4lL1GSSqPyg	The timeless movie classic "Clash of the Titans" is actually based on a 1974 Detroit Bar Fight involving Chuck Norris, Bruce Lee, God, and all five members of AC/DC.
NhelFFS-Q3mZgn57lpymVg	Chuck Norris does not scream while riding rollercoasters, rollercoasters scream while being ridden by Chuck Norris.
Pj14ffHaTVut4D1zpI2MNQ	Chuck Norris writes documents with unintentionally blank pages.
sUFYBjyUT4KThhZYC_-jOg	Never look a gift Chuck Norris in the mouth, because he will bite your damn nose off.
wqi6-aQQTG60vOU_9g31wA	Mickey Mouse wears Chuck Norris ears.
OXofDvjgTK2YOKlo4G8MXQ	Legend has it that a weak, sickly 6 year boy named Chuck Norris was thrown into the River Styx by a gang of 10 year old bullies. The bullies were never seen or heard of again.
Be_tZKcvTga4qItFsF0oTA	Chuck Norris has the teeth of a crocodile. He keeps them in a jar of mayo [the mayo is still inside], and the crocodile has grown back his teeth.
GMkUENKvSySHbWdUzh8kvA	Chuck Norris can build a snowman with rain
LIb4txVuT2247V2wmcTNZA	Chuck Norris' ranch is home to the world's largest stockpile of ungiven fucks.
PK0iYvrnRNWXBKCop8ILmg	If it looks like a duck, walks like a duck and even quacks like a duck but Chuck Norris says it's a rare red-breasted sapsucker in heat... It's a rare red-breasted sapsucker and be thankful Chuck let you agree with him.
sXoL7LFuSiqsuA8Unw_Gjg	Grizzlys shriek white in terror upon seeing Chuck Norris, today they are a protected species known as Polar Bears.
dekkwYxTR6ydFuejFeDf3g	Sorry, ..., but this fact has been deleted by Chuck Norris. It will be reposted. Chuck Norris will not delete it that time.
AQWByqWRSFKyvEC7nFye3A	If you offend Chuck Norris in any way, he will murder you without a second thought. Or even a first one.
MCWW7iU5S6GsZG7iTM1VSg	Chuck Norris memes make Chuck Norris more powerful.
Kr890X6mRoCbKYlicnOIkw	Chuck Norris won the 1982 World Series of Poker with a 2 of clubs, 7 of hearts, jack of diamonds, a skip card from Uno, and a blank bingo card.
gYOElvaLQZSZ9RFohTEbCQ	Chuck Norris does not kick doors in, they are backing away from him!
KFU_CAGYQP-sVmsYZGww8g	Most people have 23 chromosomes, Chuck Norris has 72 and they're all poisonous
XrqXUxhMR7mE94yLxzPzFw	If you stand in front of a candlelit mirror at midnight and chant the name of Chuck Norris three times, his fist will smash through the wall and your face before you even complete the first syllable.
3Cdd8bMrQ6OTfV7xhgxOwg	Chuck Norris struck gold while performing his own prostate exam.
yWknNK-ARPCc5ixkFmrKcg	Chuck Norris ate Hannibal Lecter`s liver. With some fava beans, and a nice keg of beer.
PGUay9vxTLWnlNbp0UjqCg	Chuck Norris once won American Idol using sign language..
9pYGGxiqSyupJ1xGk8ytcg	I say fuck you Chuck Norris
1pzvko3kT3G2gDnhgDvDcQ	Chuck Norris know's Victoria's Secret.
IjduYr3AQKin8kAhkZeh3Q	Chuck norris can litrely break a sweet
4e2mjAtcRCKO-AMEc9ZoHw	When Chuck Norris was born he round house kicked the Doctor in the face Slow mo' 3 times for slapping his ass.
IjnmCD6dQ-imBPJSVrDfAg	Nothing casual about Chuck Norris sex
w1YCAdlSQDCg242GjAfY4g	Chuck Norris went back in time and killed all his great-grandparents just to trip everybody out.
xnOmeviZT1uZU517GBeRgA	The best part of waking up is not Foldgers in your cup. It's knowing that Chuck Norris didn't kill you in your sleep.
1DmgoWNgQ2GV9SZrYpkUPQ	Salman Rushdie is afraid of the fatwa on him... but is utterly terrified that Chuck Norris is even slightly irked at him.
fchDCSTsRt2IRwfYB_lpeQ	Chuck Norris has the worlds biggest balls, will has the worlds second largest balls
MLIH1vVuTm-aXPazWSB2zQ	Most high school valedictorians have a 4.0 GPA. In high school, Chuck Norris had a 16.0 GPA.
7jk31W2cQ16f8uHJdiucSg	Chuck Norris once won a game of croquet while holding an enraged gorilla in a half-nelson.
2bnEqPi7SsuOAIedxXTmmQ	If you play Stairway to Heaven backwards, you can hear Chuck Norris banging your sister
d9Z0smuVQ6a16G39bLUdaQ	Chuck Norris' house pet is The Kraken. If you approach Chuck Norris' house uninvited, Chuck Norris will "release The Kraken".
ixljkjuwsdwxnlmmjwqsfg	With the rising cost of gasoline, Chuck Norris is beginning to worry about his drinking habit.
wE-cNdjpSh-140O0iUiIVQ	Chuck Norris is not as smart as Einstein. It is impossible for Einstein to arrange M&M's in abc order but Chuck Norris can.
get7fvMwTqqp5PdFwoGY1A	Entropy in the universe increases one billion fold, after every roundhouse kick by Chuck Norris.
SFGQi1V_T2ui2APLnCChKg	According to Newton, everything is contrasted with an equal force. For example when you walk the Earth pushes back with an equal force. When Chuck Norris walks he pushes back at the Earth with an equal force, if he`s feeling generous.
ID8dibMqRAC7RLf6dyicDg	Chuck Norris is a color
jvEz_46XQxGC7i7xL2JOoA	Dragon Ball Z was based upon all of Chuck Norris's moves
2uwpfhthSryLZVRrahRwpQ	Chuck Norris sustained a serious laceration during a sword demonstration. Instead of going to the ER, Chuck fixed his wound with a staple gun.
73PtOgIUR_qDuEgcythu7g	Chuck Norris' penis used to be bigger, but has been worn down from years of constant erosive friction. It's still massive, though.
h1wmJ-T6SzmLyJjtJRV0cQ	Chuck Norris recently guested on Hardcore Pawn, where he sold some pocket lint for 8.5 million dollars. Then he brutally roundhose kicked the owner for not actually having any porn.
8I5gnP3PSmC3TJTRXg4Kdg	A man sees Chuck Norris. Man: Hi, Chuck Norris, how are you? Chuck Norris rips out the man's heart and crushes his spine and walks away. Nobody dare question Chuck Norris.
gc4Lp9TEQEa1lBfCu37Fjg	the atlantic space shuttle explose because it wasnt made of Chuck Norris beard
UU4xFCzeSjOsrbm6Iz-2-g	jaggar has the moves like Chuck Norris
Y6-Qs6rxR1CCd-XbZpX_3g	Chuck Norris does not buy snake proof boots,he puts on boots than they are snake proof
1KtU1JbLSVKZLailuTGiPg	I just killed Chuck Norris
hvkX0D6_TiSxh7KBdoPYZA	Many people can make rocks skip on water.  Chuck Norris does it better -- by skipping entire islands.
ybny2hurstuzn344fgzeow	Chuck Norris never goes to the dentist because his teeth are unbreakable. His enemies never go to the dentist because they have no teeth.
6EKkq-ZCTfSBgC7ptVktLA	Chuck Norris' beard is like the facehugger from Alien.
u5o2zLdkT7G9Tiwzm922wg	Chuck Norris doesn't fly, gravity collapses around him.
1E1go-APTEqKG9WgbsV-xg	A penguin once made fun of Chuck Norris. In revenge, he set Antarctica on fire. It was successful.
ITEirX17SWy1NkM7w5RUDA	Chuck Norris is three times deadlier asleep than anyone else is when they are awake.
OvcHPyQKSCOt8RZPYp3-oQ	Chuck Norris never needs to pay for something, things appear from nothing for him.
iedijt_eSDeMMzO4-H0Mvg	Chuck Norris knows how much wood a woodchuck would chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood.
IHKf0vBNQhabsWnIRaZPdQ	Chuck Norris doesn't follow trends, he sets them.
IbBjdw0pTayZxffMOZJasA	Chuck Norris can't tuck his penis between his legs.
dl12qXRUSQeInkRENgj4dg	Chuck Norris had a staring contest with the sky, it fell.
2bYHo6_9RxOq691CHDKLZw	Chuck Norris is the reason why Justin Bieber's voice is so high
cCegCICBSfW52nPehKoGXA	After its humiliating failure to circumsize a young Chuck Norris, Hurst Performance made a fortune marketing the Jaws of Life to fire departments.
qJ9lipf0RFeWLTNGNbwCBg	The jokes are slacking, pick up the paste guys, or Chuck Norris will Virtually Roundhouse your asses!!
sUdBEpGARAyxbePaHlE1Xw	damn u Chuck Norris no one watches faggot sam except my mom and micheal jackson
arVTq_Q1TEWrTR338D_W7Q	Chuck Norris can head butt a dumpster. And win.
dnlaai4crcslvdfwo0xvrg	When Chuck Norris says "More cowbell", he MEANS it.
j2X8Ej2yRFS2HyV5FBw_Iw	God modeled his beard look after Chuck Norris.
-gpz270mr76inxsqt3bzqa	Chuck Norris can drink an entire gallon of milk in thirty-seven seconds.
vDeBda-4TSeVZdQWB_KGZQ	It can be either called 'the war against terrorism', or 'the war FOR Chuck Norrism'.
ctIX1wX8RFS-hJ3ellIZSg	The man who came up with the phrase the only thing to fear is fear itself has never met Chuck Norris.
ANXOzMzCSIGuWGgy_Lu3gw	You are always told to turn off your cell phone during a flight, in case Chuck Norris calls you and whispers the secret inantation to make you spontaneously combust.
FJ0xpElUT5G6XCMqb79KPw	The band Disturbed used to be called I'm Fine until they saw Chuck Norris.
ansK79GiS8CZ50RuvS2ZhQ	Chuck Norris' childhood asthma allowed him to breathe underwater.
Kh0P9eyBRse7AfSAk3KWgA	Chuck Norris was once stopped by police and given a breath test. He inhaled the breathalyzer.
KDcABQMuSEax_hoRLXdj5Q	The Aboriginal witch doctors of Australia consider Chuck Norris a godlike spirit-man for his ability to fart loud didgeridoo-like tones that paralyze wambats and other indigenous tablefare.
GQDihVWRTvmA8XMR0543DA	Chuck Norris sired the E*Trade baby.
r7Mr8cubRF-RKgpZIRC3zA	Chuck Norris Rounhouse kicked Voldemort now he has n nose
-CUZkT_fRFSAd9IbMq_iYQ	God said, "Let there be light!" to which Chuck Norris replied, "Shut the fuck up".
HZSyXy5GS6i5dVtsNA9KWA	When God said "let there be light", he first asked Chuck Norris if it was ok...
hwEXlGKzQoCvi6IncCAG1Q	I saw a werewolf drinking a pina coloda with Chuck Norris. His hair was perfect..
jHDeYSU-R_WZ71w1ITCPKw	Chuck Norris can jump...without leaving the ground.
OQIKXJuSTMOJ7AVoMiCLpw	Chuck Norris once liked a Youtube video that had no likes and 37587693 dislikes. 1 minute later, the video had 67843674328976894357348976207627482867834997224694287985762897036 likes. Chuck Norris had 274 Youtube channels the moment I submitted this fact, by the way.
OSrBrLicQkCjs0WjEftxGw	Contrary to popular belief, the groundhog does not fear seeing its shadow. It actually fears seeing Chuck Norris.
tccwPeh5StqeMYKoovrbyg	Chuck Norris can beat the impossible game......without dying.
uDjkIgHpQhe7kv8xoyJm6g	Chuck Norris is currently suing NBC, claiming Law and Order are trademarked names for his left and right legs.
4Qd4ew8MQ4Sjj7BFVZqYyA	Chuck Norris can steal free samples.
ZPIZlnijQeelusVMNJnkjA	Chuck Norris invented ice cream for all the women he hasn't gotten to yet. One day, only gay fat guys will eat ice cream. And that right soon.
iz-o3YjyS3CuYRoZt0Mxqg	Chuck Norris is so Right-Wing he plays Pin the Blambe on the Donkey.
g3RG4XfoTrGUwfl7vuzTHA	When Chuck Norris tells you a joke, your sides will literally split. That's why he stands back a bit when he tells it, so nothing splashes onto his boots.
fDdrIVVXS36-N8YUcNP7Ng	Chuck Norris flicked a booger once from a grassy knoll
awceyp1nrpaxt6e_mz-uea	The phrase 'dead ringer' refers to someone who sits behind Chuck Norris in a movie theater and forgets to turn their cell phone off.
7ESlxfCWSiGmRdW6d19PnA	Everyone is entitled to Chuck Norris' opinion...or a roundhouse kick to the jaw.
upDlt6ADSnidqIec498hVg	When Chuck Norris died so did the music, so Chuck Norris gave music a round house kick to the head, music has never died since
IQcDaIjCR2qwwxmcdxSwAg	The only way to defeat Chuck Norris is to kill yourself, and beat him to the punch
oA53SIRrQgCB2sGcgDEHXQ	In America, Chuck Norris can beat you up. In Soviet Russia, Chuck Norris can beat you up.
voGyIw1DRA690DltyfMjDw	Chuck Norris once won a game of duck, duck goose using only the word "goat"
yKztmVYSRJqZUOc6jwEphA	The so-called imaginary numbers used to be real numbers, till Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked them to oblivion. This incident is also responsible for most of the mysteries of the Universe.
S7iIVbfuRoydpC45yq3wFA	The Killer Instinct Community is thinking either to put Chuck Norris in season 3.
YsUbavl-Q42YatsiBS-AGw	God prays to Chuck Norris
ljEZybJ-SYe6TqO3SBTOsA	Chuck Norris once killed a boulder with his bare hands
-2C2r98cSEmLqjjwN0Bn9A	Chuck Norris's beard alone has experienced more than your entire body.
wNRgdAwpTjuHJg1SgllP-Q	The sun really shines on Chuck Norris. We just happen to live close enough to him.
ukrzhvanszmegxo5jlyxna	Chuck Norris' sperm is so badass, he had sex with Nicole Kidman, and 7 months later she prematurely gave birth to a Ford Excursion.
7-KHRASXQaeIug8YbrxW9Q	MacGyver once crossed the Pacific Ocean with the aid of a flathead screwdriver, an avocado, an icepick, 2 snorkels, 4 toothpicks, duct tape, low-fat milk, a whetstone, neon gas, oven cleaner, 2 pesto-infusing turkey syringes, the Batman symbol, 432 cases of Coors Light, and his own theme music. Chuck Norris just took one step from Texas to Cambodia.
49-k8-aBR2m3Nf-3oHBf7g	Chuck Norris penis can get as hard as granite!
ZjvE9VOSSIORM2WnYVzxnA	When david belfirst first invented the telephone there were 2 missed calls from Chuck Norris.
UcF8RN4bTRaY6ehT2-yI7w	Chuck Norris was asked if he had heard of Pandora's Box? Chuck said "heard of it, I saw her box when I screwed Pandora".
nW1yMmOjRoGOfL_fMuXZTw	Chuck Norris was the first avenger.
myJNg32MT6u3jaCpRM8Lpg	Chuck Norris, end of story
c1Sxcvi3Sw-GRguBavqyPQ	The most interesting man in the world recently met Chuck Norris. Within minutes, he realized he was the 2nd most interesting man in the world.
00mvxjN_QESXh2DIt4rs5A	Chuck Norris can have three pairs in his poker hand.
0b2JLUQJRJq6wGprnTnKRw	Chuck Norris sneezed twice--Hiroshima and Nagasaki were no more.
LtUIty-rTVqYgvmCBjFEXA	That's not Chuck Norris doing push-ups, That's Chuck Norris moving the earth out of the path of a deadly asteroid.
oIinxKeCQHKl9x-pQd0IWw	Chuck Norris has a crowbar holster on the back of the passenger seat of his Hummer
wC4jam7VQq2oMcuOfeg2_A	Chuck Norris can turn the world on with his smile, but he prefers to inspire fear with his scowl.
imom2HzsRu6I_dL6H1osjw	Simply whispering 'Chuck Norris' into a woman's ear gives you a 20 percent chance of nailing her.
RI8XkTPsQRupFqrau_pKTQ	Most people need a liter when they burn down a forest. Chuck Norris only needs his ass and his lazer vision.
Ydo_ZZocQOyRzCkGJNmgGA	Sperm whales were created when Chuck Norris masterbated in the ocean.
k0b5ZuVLTrSxM6oy-WfiWg	Rain never used to exist before Chuck Norris began shouting at clouds to reveal their true nature.
DPAHZiM3So6XHFEh6A6iHw	The only thing that can compare to Chuck Norris's dick is a giant spiked dildo
aEVUWI-cQASYahoQie4cUA	Chuck Norris will roundhouse kick your ass unless you submit a Chuck Norris fact.
ev-TkgRYR62RXyeIMpYtEQ	Chuck Norris can finish a fat Cuban cigar in a single massive drag. He will then crunch up and swallow the roach, and stare at you while slowly exhaling through his nostrils.
xojOcWetQvSfJledwf8_Jw	Chuck Norris had tonsillitis as a child. He reached in and pulled them out.
Z6OhAVjJT-W0NVnW5IZlug	When Chuck Norris cuts onions, the onions cry!
c9Je5kHyQpWJSDF01Ss2DQ	Chuck Norris once had an interim job at Denny's. Not because he couldn't get a better job, because of his ability to unscramble an egg.
KiF0RZkdRRmFV1bhUuEwOQ	u know how there r ufo sightings those arent ufo's those r frisbees Chuck Norris threw
CEf6S2kpSJ6DHdj1TFNFHA	Chuck Norris lives forever. When he was young, cave people used his beard hairs as tips for spears.
FhTO-GAqSImKWZlLcmKHRA	CHUCK NORRIS ONCE DONE THE SPLITS ON 2 VAN DAMMES
znN9Zp1ZR16JittcAuJhIA	People say it's better to lucky than good. Chuck Norris doesn't believe in luck. He's good at everything.
dzel9hQdSPyuHjFuLDCzrA	If you look at your birth certificate it says Chuck Norris
RC23JDP3QiOtdxOempfedg	The active ingredient in Viagra, Cialis and Levitra comes from the seed of Chuck Norris.
lKF3dHR-QUWL4MhzIlKneg	Chuck Norris's childhood is known to some as the Jungle Book
odvN_Lo2SkWO4FbBMYq3eg	Chuck Norris knows what's eating Gilbert Grape.
L3rsNC9wQhqbPlwy-KfBEw	Chuck Norris can do a cannonball off the diving board without making a splash.
garmcdAbTTGanAYd_VtAhw	The name 'Chuck Norris' rolls off the tongue and kicks you in the face.
9-Fg2o3lSHKXFdnzy0S2_Q	Chuck Norris can achieve full bone in under four seconds.
eLkozYd1SYau0Kii_NyVgA	Once a mosquito bit Chuck Norris and died instantly of acute cyanide poisoning.
iWGjqbN2QuCVAuFhvIUzxA	Chuck Norris once granted a genie 3 wishes
VScMj92IQ8mckp6fXW59Bw	Chuck Norris once thought that he a hemorrhoid on his asshole. When it fell off, he discovered is was actually a huge tick that died from blood poisoning.
Lf-jNoPpSZqXoTySlBCtfg	Chuck Norris got pulled over by a cop once. The cop was lucky to leave with a warning.
sHtBAMTURFmvEGNmol83Kg	Chuck Norris never flushes. When he sits, the toilet gulps in fear.
7TOymQUdSwyr8rqLMWwCGg	Plato got his facts wrong. It was Chuck Norris that destroyed Atlantis.
g-CdcwEqSGO4QDwtPXFtRQ	Chuck Norris is so awesome, he caused blindness to the whole bat species just by his sheer awesomeness. Infact, if you listen intently all the bats shriek "Chuck Norris! Chuck Norris! Chuck Norris!".
rXTehTIaQcuQgEAtyAZ1fg	The greatest honor Chuck Norris' mom ever received was giving birth to Chuck Norris.
J2WwAOseT3-kixug8vxEAg	Chuck Norris once ate a rubix cube. He pooped it out solved
L99zBxNMS62gn-tbAXIItA	Chuck Norris can pay attention... in cash.
azOAnsfpQv6qBz9SXM6qVg	Chuck Norris once had a staring contest with Rambo, that is why Sylvester Stallone looks mildly retarded
7x32AQF8RNK8QE5CzRCS0A	Carly Fiorina once crawled through the entire Waco, TX sewer system just to watch Chuck Norris take a shit in a Taco Bell restroom.
zlfZKPhJTV2QRy-VJRbTsg	Chuck Norris enjoys a love/convert relationship with lesbians.
PH_Tatr7S0ib6eviht1A0w	Chuck Norris invented time travel. He's roundhouse kicked 170,000 people into next week thus far.
3Cay8v_4Qq6cBFh7-Ea1Iw	Every night when Chuck Norris goes to sleep, his beard detatches itself, picks up a small knife and sprints towards the city in hopes to match his killcount.
irY3YudqS1qXxhfWxw12NQ	Chuck Norris has a chainsaw bayonet attached to the end of his gatling gun. That's how he likes it.
hKBAS6euQ8-d6QxH2msMWA	Chuck Norris doesn't call a doctor for erections that last for over 4 hours. But the sluts he bangs need to.
7lfUZjitTjK7r9ZqMGdX8w	Chuck Norris can play Angry Birds from a payphone...
dihyxefirfwvvxq_ozhj2a	Chuck Norris? favourite cut of meat is the roundhouse.
wpYgpzWdSJeS2TlL-BMxjQ	Chuck Norris has to 'dumb it down' when chatting with Stephen Hawking
dQKrx-5AROmxHI6ndhsBWQ	Gravity falls under the influence of the laws of Chuck Norris.
PV79VPPYSXuAclTAHD-VFA	Horses know not to sneak up behind Chuck Norris!
D_xqFlrmQ-akpRujKjVtMw	Chuck Norris likes lots of honey on his Texas Toast. That's why he keeps 27 killer bee hives in his livingroom.
rDdAOzU9Qiqf_sR1XCHEqw	Chuck Norris refers to his approach to sex as 'The Nutpocalypse'.
oM2reTVlSjuUBIhIBmZsIQ	Chuck Norris was issued an American Express Platinum Card when he was 9. The President of American Express apologized to Chuck for making him wait so long.
VYr8JNOhSuO0sto7a5XQ9w	When Chuck Norris dropped out of kindergarten, a huge crack was formed in the tectonic plates causing a 100 ft tsunami in Japan which killed 1000000 people, and destroyed property worth $999999999999. Some scientists estimate that if he had dropped out from high school, the event would have most certainly destroyed the whole planet.
iMUmzXE4S4Wvj_Dh3T7Kvg	Chuck Norris can write two-handed.
a1QTpB5NSgG8qbPn44-rCQ	Chuck Norris actually smiles two or three times a year, proving that his facial muscles can withstand stresses which would pulp a regular human skull.
JYjiEpHHSzmpxI-IcJ4KXw	Chuck Norris was recently on Oprah, and while dicussing his sexual conquests of Katie Holmes behind Tom Cruise's back, he got overexcited on jumped all over the audience.
A7GSlmqCTf-Qb5JT6M6NOg	Chuck Norris considers hurricane force winds to be "a nice breeze".
vbFAZXvoQC6ayyLSNZSzpA	Chuck Norris was at a restaurant when the waitress asked if he would like to try their Tofu. Chuck said "lady, I'd rather piss upwind in a hurricane".
rqhxqmvpqxwqp7jpkukprw	Chuck Norris once worked as a weatherman for the San Diego evening news. Every night he would make the same forecast: Partly cloudy with a 75% chance of Pain.
Ad2xcE8LT3utsYX--9Pejg	Chuck Norris counted to infinity , twice.
iNIEl6YOSWSekWMJSv1BMQ	god created jesus toencourage peace when that didnt work he created Chuck Norris to enforce it
lI107OLVQUW6gO-c3iMIiA	Chuck Norris has a life size tattoo of his face on his face. Rush Limbaugh has a life size tattoo of Chuck Norris' ass on his face.
36mdZ_iDRRaU9iOB3IdAig	Chuck norris was hit by a train and the train was found 3 days later beyond recognition
G6_7RLxlRjSU0sL1iYQrKA	People can swim on water but Chuck Norris can swim on Land
OcbKaxMTTCCjKiJdb30Wog	a few years back, Chuck Norris went into the bissnuss of bottling, and selling his pis, we now know this product as redbull
T27fVOIQS5eoxtDTaR97Dw	Chuck Norris's parents used police bullet proof vests to make his diapers.
ZJafho2SSuGZRGwKNaZ_8g	Reese=Chuck Norris spam.
OrA4gvhsRlKAKH88Fqjgww	Chuck Norris knocked a whole forest down by looking at it
5aJbWPFPRI6DiM4HpQPwBQ	Saddam Hussein didn't have weapons of mass destruction. Chuck Norris does. He is one.
DZpuRf6hTTCMQ1w2hYhVBw	Daniel Boone was known to wear a coonskin hat. Chuck Norris often wears a live wolverine for a hat.
nbXV1JV0REa0rKTYqxVXTw	Just looking at a picture of Chuck Norris makes you more of a man.
Ooc6Izy_TrSXALOU5rgj3A	Someone once asked Chuck Norris "what happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable object" He answered the question by punching himself in the face
KVRhVnnCRYWH9b9qp0TSag	Chuck Norris never has to "Pee"--his dick has to piss. (so big it has its own thought process)
1-v_AlmYR9yrxG6Z0z0zCw	Chuck Norris can play the violin with a piano
qpGULd5ARXOxLcxRBUC1AA	Chuck Norris fought a zombie bare-handed and won.
u8LCWlaFQVyItE4j0HC2tA	Chuck Norris gives three three wishes to a genie.
C2_CU3hrRD6hTBOB2XPsFg	Chuck Norris once said 'To be or not to be, who gives a shit?' William Shakespaere stole and modified this quote, which is why he died such a violent death.
hyP-gniTTDaN4zkC5gAdAQ	Chuck Norris loves you. The proof: You're still alive, aren't you?
pdPQu2zxSxef6dOA3ndCPA	Apple pie is as American as Chuck Norris
V6wpaZJxQJWQpAY76Pffvw	Chuck Norris never gets 'caught' in the crossfire. He revels in it.
Wv3UecrjSliPlLacFER2MA	Chuck Norris can climb Mount Everest with his eyes closed and his arms tied behind his back. He does that every morning to worm-up.
Wrht_P26RgOb6AzZ4zwYPg	Chuck Norris' beautiful singing voice can make tanks break down.
L4EIP7H_RqKUHQasvfH_iw	Making eye contact with Chuck Norris is a great way to get your spine removed
KmJpEStfTw-IjlR5xAHPhw	God is love. Chuck Norris is fucking awesome.q
fPKt-ZFBRPGilGw7ka5miQ	The comma was formed when Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the fullstop which tried to make him stop his sentence. Needless to say, there are no fullstops in Chuck Norris' world.
z0vjwbedqhqfph0mc88skg	Nobody doesn't like Sara Lee. Except Chuck Norris.
FZzIUAXAQHO52OJbYFUAgw	If you have five dollars and Chuck Norris is broke, Chuck Norris has more money than you.
RthxP3XCSZ-AiXoTW4HaAQ	Chuck Norris can make love AND wage war at the same time.
GyyrSdZMRxaTJ1eROKUrbQ	Chuck Norris' natural pubic musk has the same properties as chloroform.
K6vBH_8qTNOG0RnJ8vhwtw	Chuck Norris regularly smashes open his computer to eat the cookies within.
ZNsW_FhHRZqOu_MlT1XkXw	Chuck Norris has yet to see himself, because every mirror that tries to reflect Chuck Norris shatters instantly.
Y5dgBdlvT2WGiC5YzdximQ	Chuck Norris went an hour without killing... just to kill some time.
HfKtpPUEQ66esWucZFUm7w	Chuck Norris....enough said.
TkS7YJmNQ9ScqWXh0KaUNw	Chuck Norris rammed a gold watch up Christopher Walken's ass.
W-w1IaxgSrGN00J6KzDhXw	After meals, Chuck Norris picks his teeth with a bowie knife.
WL0spzxeSd--m6IiMBYDog	Chuck Norris once visited the Oracle and told her: 'Don't worry about the round house kick'. She responded: 'What round house kick?'. BAMM... that round house kick.
DJ718neqSkKLvcTVnAqdZA	Chuck Norris doesn't have a shadow anymore because he roundkicks a wall if it appears
2XKYDlPBScuIpq4aplTBcw	If Chuck Norris sees a Mini Cooper pull up and park, 18 circus clowns had better come out of it!
0AdZScA2SbKPPZVgRuRQbQ	In the beginning God created the Universe.. but who created God? - It was Chuck Norris!
UYzHC7zGRJ-7GM3fjA70_A	the movie "dont mess with zohan" is based on the true story of Chuck Norris' life
KCuup1DoRCCOpuQFlvV0GQ	Chuck Norris invented winning.
KrD11-C_QICWOV1VTuIoUg	Chuck Norris can make a message in Cheerios, without using the letter "O."
0JqamoTkR_GK0DYbigQ5cw	Arnold Schwarzenegger always says he'll be back. But Chuck Norris always handles things the first time
TWGXynOYQOK5N71KMyv2XA	cancer gets Chuck Norris
D5vpiDM9SIO0cEXkvpYB-A	Chuck Norris perportadly walked into a salon for a pedicure. Nine months later 17 redheaded baby boys were born in local hospitals.
ERokRn86QxqgvvOvgvfKjQ	The Dali Lama said that violence is wrong. Chuck Norris backhanded him.
8qahmVgwTgGX5h_b-MeSTg	This one time, at band camp, Chuck Norris nailed all the girls and beat the crap out of all the boys.
IKhEsTIKQu6RYYMImwCOGg	The first terminator went back in time to kill Chuck Norris. As a result, the terminator will never exist.
JqDe7NhMQq2LtuhVC-NcQQ	When Chuck Norris does the 'got your nose' thing to kids, it is horrific to behold.
CNvB6mMJT9ac0q8RVCEPJA	Chuck Norris made Frank Dux say, "Ma Tay."
eKppRNjRSBKzzn-GSkXwQA	When Chuck Norris has sex he's goes on top cus he never screws up
ehupLOFDTSGr3MWWzKD6Sw	The mere mentioning of CHUCK NORRIS's name gets a girl divirginized.
QzeG_h6kRZ6xZhXj60Pylg	Why does Chuck Norris lower your blood pressure? Because he's a beater blocker
k1Q7FWp2T9Cz6BQfAihQmg	Chuck Norris doesn't have sperm, he has tiny white ninjas that have only one mission...seek and destroy.
InlyL_TsToSc9em4KAr8bw	The ONLY Chuck Norris regret.... inventing Al Gore.
-dtXaiSQQqaDt5CPEHE9uw	Chuck Norris has a bear in his room it isint dead its to afraid to move.
oQweygfCQEOH8c2mmjQyGA	Chuck Norris is all the rage.
ddVHUPRmQ_2ysCuyTRgZFw	Sadly, Chuck Norris was hit in a crosswalk by a classic old Mack Truck. Chuck was fine, the Classic old Mack was towed to a junkyard.
pZW439doShq57q3gF-XtDw	Chuck Norris once played the clarinet during a concert while conducting the orchestra with his dick.
8RyVauXsSLmVYxyRAy9dmA	Chuck Norris once ordered a Big Mac at a police stop... and fucking well got it.
gxpqsj6crgw8ppikv0e8jw	In an act of great philanthropy, Chuck made a generous donation to the American Cancer Society. He donated 6,000 dead bodies for scientific research.
wsihtcmyrnkptsnr_b4ygg	Chuck Norris doesn't bug hunt as that signifies a probability of failure, he goes bug killing.
ATskphrZQ7q40p0CFLA3hg	When Chuck Norris was born, his Dad celebrated by lighting up cigars, one for him and one for Chuck.
Hehmj4cHTsupqHfwOKKdag	Chuck Norris always finds a treasure chest of gold coins in a box of Cracker Jack.
M4iq8jjeRJe1AXI-AWF28A	Chuck Norris doesn't wear condoms because there's no protections from Chuck Norris.
TayB3TxUTViRP-fq5Sctew	I got rabies from a bite BY a rabid dog. Chuck Norris bit me and I was cured.
R0x0nS6FSSGOqjAivAN4IA	Chuck Norris stopped a speeding bullet by telling it to.
xr7_GNnoRw6lUvAk7LrsOw	Who watches the Watchmen? Chuck Norris.
Z7eg_ANCTuexzRXiLRgL5g	Chuck Norris has enough bling to make Mr. T look Amish
eaNzGEnER8-kZlxD0PbplQ	Chuck norris does not mow his grass.... he dares it to grow...
bwzxy4cxSni3o7hdsO_fDA	When Chuck Norris showers he doesn't use soap he uses Aromatic Sulfuric Acid.
vhfit3aqTWSwXi3wdMXU1w	In the beginning, there was nothing. Then Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the universe in the face and said "get a job".
zfTSl4uGR_uScxtUUxlCpA	Chuck Norris once traveled ahead in time just simply to enter the Starship Enterprise, intentionally get captured by the Borg and inseminate of Seven of Nine.
xkMDfDveQYa1I22FBpaZHw	Chuck norris doesnt follow the yellow brick road....he made it by turning concrete yellow.
ohWc3ZllRca1FCYQ9xsyOA	Chuck Norris once fought superman. that is why you only see superman in a wheel chair.
adV0YmpNTtugDOMSC2Xhew	Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked a salesman over the telephone.
rctsd3-sROGH3pKVaC0o2A	Chuck Norris farted and created the universe
0vAxLaiFRp25zo_XI5rnFg	Chuck Norris was on American Gladiators and finished the whole show before the first commercial break.
UsvG3I-mS9GGYOPjewtyZw	Chuck Norris was originally going to be in Cowboys VS Aliens, but the movie would have been over in about 3 minutes and 7 seconds.
eOcHK252SCmv6T5MsJiexA	Why did Chuck Norris hasn't appeared on any mortal kombat games. Simple, the name says it all. "mortal". Also there won't be any fatality tha will work on him, he will just roundhouse kick anyone either he wins or loose.
b-f5XHmJSgO2HaXy-_t0mg	Multiple people have died from Chuck Norris giving them the finger.
YfpRid-cRKyLsHfM4prJuA	Chuck Norris once ordered pizza in McDonalds. He got it.
0fvCgPtrRqe3BzC8jxEkUA	Chuck Norris doesn't need to play games against people to beat their high scores. He just plays with himself and beats every highscore on every game on every console in the whole entire universe.
hH8YpK7ZQTe5BlpGExWyIQ	Chuck Norris breathes fire, has laser eyes, spits acid, and pisses lava.
PWa0IAvgShmzChVNPfopcQ	Chuck Norris once ate a whole large container of nails and then shat out a nickel.
9TGcubXgRSCOJwhLUAVUbA	Chuck Norris's jeans are so tight to prevent excess oxygen from reaching his legs and causing involuntary Roundhouse Kicks.
A7rvSo49T8iAquS4GKuL3Q	When the first man whent to the moon Chuck norris had already had a pic nic there twice.
qp26i03nQauoyPeKteex4g	Chuck Norris can piss in a urinal and leave the seat up.
0Z2AUYZ7Q4SfpWCrydHwrQ	Chuck Norris once farted on someone and was a very gross one that the man got sick with a disease. This disease is now what we call: Ebola.
RkuIDhkuTcCozLbsyyYuIw	A Mars a day helps Chuck Norris to kill assholes and shag his multitudes of women. He don't need to rest.
ltZLfnpwS_i1sgF54XN8gg	Trinkle trinkle little star, how Chuck Norris knows where you are
RyOZMw3yQUufuTT3zPq5jQ	Chuck Norris once snapped a bears neck after it scratched his jacket.
9rP5_O5nTfOit2BDWeX5hg	Chuckeroo = Chuck Norris spam.
7jSXyruNRHastZTH8LqxMw	Chuck Norris refuses to dip his chips in sissy assed hummas. He prefers a pile of organic tree bark, dead feral hog & whiskey humus.
bFEAud2cQRq6yBPb492eTw	Chuck Norris is allergic to mercy. Enough said.
Zg0A3-ZtTp2sutG854vVHA	Chuck Norris can impregnate you via anal sex.
GrI9Mv07Tj2gL0Wu2Ijcqw	Chuck Norris once stabbed a man with a bowling ball.
uihm__V6SKqtqtxU6ILt9w	Chuck Norris was asked if he had seen Cindy, his new girlfriends Schnauzer. Chuck said "of course I have, Cindy and I had sex on our first date".
kDLgBCisQcO70ZWi30XOqg	Chuck Norris tells Scorpian to "get over Here"
1Uz3bpy_RyeBLcD5H4hzkA	Mr. T, Arnold Shcwarzzenger, and Chuck Norris are standing in front of God. God says to them,"I have call you three here because you are the greatest fighters in the world and I have a place for one of you at my right hand. You must prove to me whom of you it shall be." Mr. T steps and says "I pity the fool who doesn't let me sit at His right hand." God tells him that he was not good enough and sends Mr. T to hell. Arnold steps up and says "I was in predator, commando, the terminator. You must choose the governator." God tells him not good enough and sends Arnold to hell. God turns to Chuck Norris and say "Why should you sit beside me?" Chuck quickly proceeds to roundhouse kick God in the face and say "Bitch, your in my seat.
sf-y9rI_Ts6AmOEnv8i9lA	Chuck Norris can hit ctrl-alt-delete with one finger.
qGYF7elmSm6G7x1SUCQdqQ	Chuck Norris' penis wears a cowboy hat.
I5_aDblgSZ2rtTRy16julA	Chuck Norris puts the hard in hard-on.
PVUMfdBeQb-bNHiNjDVAKg	A Texas Hwy Patrol officer followed Chuck Norris for 95 miles, observed him throw out 27 beer cans then pulled him over and gave him a written warning for littering.
E8ORXw3rTBiqiw71HoELzw	Chuck Norris won't beat the crap out of you, he'll beat the DNA out of you.
EhRxaBmuRZe5luWPpRN9uA	Gloria Gaynor: I Will Survive Chuck Norris's Version: They Won't Survive
GD2rEe5dR8-s7YrwpeC3yw	Most critics agree that the main failing of The Expendables 3 is its inexcusable lack of Chuck Norris.
IWOe5ifnQqS0TdY8HE72SA	Chuck Norris once went into a sensory deprivation chamber for two hours... and came out with at least three new senses.
TvF1bnaJTDeSD4dz8nU1Yw	if god named peter the rock for brave, the Chuck Norris named chris rock because he is dumbass
ZESuESQ1QpqWGWYQORZVQQ	Most people get their heat from the sun, the sun gets it heat from a single Chuck Norris roundhouse kick
FdF56x_BQvOldvCqSZa78g	Chuck Norris' Doctor does physicals and normally says "turn your head and cough". When Chuck drops his pants the Doctor says "oh my god"!!
OOb_lOJ1Rp-s6pxMQx0yCA	As a youngster, just for kicks Chuck Norris would often tie up a neighborhood kid and tell him he'd be back in 30 minutes to kick his @$$. That man grew up to be Harry Houdini.
SUluEumSSWqDibkGiJ-VUA	Chuck Norris roundhouse-kicked Mike Tyson, permanently damaging the "social" and "speech" parts of the brain. This is why Mike Tython talkth like thith and has an Antithocial Perthonality Dithorder.
WmGQoOvvSYqKXqYyjdOcHQ	Chuck Norris invented the iPad by crushing the skull of a Borg.
jzn8eHL2Qx-gwCrS1zRf_w	Everyone's heard the story of the boy who cried "WOLF!" three times. No one has heard the one about his cousin who cried "CH-!" only once. Not that it mattered... by the time the sound arrived in his village, the townspeople were already dead. Chuck Norris is that fast.
U3Lq8vuxTQ-a58BOm3IZVg	Babies cry when they are born because they know they are in a world with Chuck Norris.
tXGN0dlGTWCFddMij6S12Q	When chuck Norris farts. Tornadoes blame somebody else!
Qqg8ijDLQ0CSk6Q99stk5A	Chuck Norris once fought with his roundhouse kick and defeated it. LOL!
-5RuEx54Qsm-kH9QwN5CdQ	Chuck Norris wears glasses to protect the sun.
eX9QOOK_ROiGm0ZvOr-p4A	When Chuck Norris was 8 years old, he raped a pedophile
R3xVlG1FR7qySlLqsK5Yjw	Chuck Norris' last birthday party was held at the La Brea Tar Pits where he enjoyed all of the party games and easily won the 'dunking for dinosaurs' event.
hDZl4RtcQp-yBCREGNp4DA	Chuck Norris can kill you with a moist towelette
eJeQFKmETaaFdKzVf-PJTw	When Chuck Norris does a push up, he doesn't "push up", he pushes the earth down.
tdttygk4rgygwgquno2t9a	Coroners refer to dead people as "ABC's". Already Been Chucked.
jogXZcDQRsO5Hk9cb-bbHA	People wonder why Houston has a problem. . . Chuck Norris.
gnPsOnnPRBydhoJXKaANEw	Girls program in VB, men program in C, macho men program in Java, but Chuck Norris programs with voltage levels.
AqaxF3trSaWdUEsUG3K_Og	chuck Norris went on deal or no deal... the banker offered him 100 billion when he got all the top numbers on his fisrt round. he then raised it by 10 times when chuck Norris said no.... the banker was then killed by picking up the rong phone
mHaLxKzVRjiBLgE1KhEZ_g	Chuck Norris can build a computer with Windows 7.
9RWQ6TTbRrOy3s3pHwqiHg	Chuck Norris once won the Boston Marathon...while sleeping...in Chicago.
1GrC-IccRbm_6wjkvGZx_w	Emancipated women bring and cook for Chuck Norris beer while he's watching TV.
bRfAt7xUSZ-unbJtE5F66A	The reason why Chuck Norris can get away with all of his thousands of murders is because he his 'preventing future crimes'.
ekmAzfDZSrKjoCBNJq1aFg	If you here Chuck Norris breathe well... hope you had a great life.
TCct5GmLRu6__APJWJMN7A	Chuck Norris once played a game of basketball with Walt Disney's head.
ANDTpxBASVOw69vVluMNUg	Devin Sucks                                                                                                             I'm Chuck Norris
1Gml-CiPSP25o-0pAfZCAA	Chuck Norris is the first and only person to kill someone on every continent of the world. He achieved this distinction in 3 days in 1972.
tvk0Rwj1SC2cNqeJlBLUmQ	Simon plays chuck Norris says.
o97CPYB9TumQrkUlgZZMtg	Chuck Norris puts the K in knife. This is to confuse his prey.
kswv7NIaTCaIIErlBzODaA	Chuck Norris's shadow weighs 250 pounds and can kick your ass .
87eQtBjKT3eXcrX2wXa3Ew	A Chuck Norris flying roundhouse kick to the buttocks has been known to cause an infected, yellow pus filled abscess in hemorrhoidal tissue.
geesuswbRNmRGQ6iNK33Vw	Jesus carried his cross to Calvary where he was crucified.   Chuck Norris carries planets wherever he goes for fun.
59IvTOvSQcuQfh2G2VMTUA	Darth Vader claimed the Death Star matched the power of Chuck Norris. It was then destroyed....... twice.
4zavbyaktuqhluply6eqmw	Chuck Norris uses tabasco sauce instead of visine.
9syzVZ-yTHWLCjEUgIP19w	I don't agree with the fact that Chuck Norris never sleeps, I think he does, we just don't now when and how long he sleeps, because his Chuck Norris.
CnJFzsR0TJeh_FQu8lyApQ	Chuck Norris once skydived from the ionosphere. Why? Because he would be the only gold medalist to survive that kind of a fall.
7IE-iReKS3O-572avm2Ktw	Chuck Norris is Lord Of The Chainsaw.
bQwU8mH_TUe3SCfRwFVGDQ	Chuck Norris has a bear carpet in his room. The bear isnt dead. Its just afraid to move.
T9UfuLrLQZWpmrnHd2XNlw	The current stock market crash began when Chuck Norris faxed a Roundhouse kick to Wall Street
gVzsN5NHSsyFTBTFfOw49w	In Las Vegas casinos, Chuck Norris can fold and still win...in blackjack.
VMqUxMBlSi2_YxgoMzxU2A	When Chuck Norris air guitars, you can hear it playing. If you cannot - your death is imminent.
mmAwF3yERwOGQ7FYqYAbDA	Chuck Norris is really just a manifestation of Pennywise The Clown's fear.
gwntdHaCSWCWGRYUu7WiFQ	Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle
QdImLNDjTb6BGmGNWgBKLw	When Chuck Norris plays IWBTG he never died
KM0v8BdBRiuLsjzhXGUGVA	Chuck Norris lit a fart on the Hindenburg.
N9U8GuXKRxisj3dh2btisw	It isn't what Chuck Norris would do for a Klondike bar, but more so, what a Klondike bar would do for Chuck Norris
9Urc8onURju6Ay2sQTQVaA	Over the years, Chuck Norris has had thousands of tattoos, but because of his healing factor they usually fade within a few hours. He just sometimes likes to impress his dates by getting big sleeves, back-tatts and a '666' on his forehead.
x1Ve2y6MSCOyOlY13YzfvA	Death only exists because Chuck Norris allows him to live.
B0GtZ37PSPabnVXj1PIVaQ	Chuck Norris once destroyed a city to prove a point When asked Chuck Norris said The point was That I can destroy a city.
xzfLCnypTpSRnPTe9AkexQ	Chuck Norris keeps a pet squid in his toilet to wipe his ass with.
fJa5d9-MQCGP7TpwvjpiPQ	The first roundhouse kick of Chuck Norris made Pangaea turn into six different continents, THEN he decided which was the North and South
j-IpTJQ-QKmpBNIzKGwTew	Chuck Norris knows at least forty-seven words that end in -gasm.
_Lu_Hn_5ThWE2n3YsQcs7Q	Chuck Norris keeps his black belt tied in a bow around his wang.
BCMbfaAWSCSrTa6pK5IotQ	Chuck Norris can speak Korean pig Latin with a strong Scottish accent while performing oral sex on two women.
EXq1Zi3pTPeLWJvidak70w	Chuck Norris loans money to the World Bank.
LwX90ezPRi-X1NdzIWJfyg	Chuck Norris eats chili peppers to cool down his mouth
jM9XGoAHTu2Nozb5v3QDXA	The only person who can defeat chuck Norris in the first round of an MC battle is MC Greeney. Chuck subsiquently roundhouse kicks Greeney in the face and kills him.
USjdUcJEQnCnlWu3jfKd5g	Chuck Norris doesn't have a furnace. He heats his house by scaring the molecules into moving faster.
ni4heWKXTAe-_6FEr15VEA	Chuck Norris Can Cut a Box In Half With 1 Finger
3uUoYXVXQr-n7o6M2KU69w	JFK always said, 'Ask not what your country can do for you, ask what Chuck Norris can fit his schlong into'.
Zkd2xAJHTAaOmMbsR0tOBw	Chuck Norris ain't no diamond in the rough. He's just fucking rough
JmFNImG6TnaPpkCmPvmVgg	Chuck Norris' parents tried to make him eat peas when he was a kid. Chuck Norris ate his parents.
KmSAKXnrTOKc5SrYM3TQ2A	Chuck Norris scared the Black out of Eminem.
uqgBYN06SDi9wbQM3A2iKQ	Chuck Norris can kick-start a car.Chuck Norris sleeps with a piollw under his gun.Chuck Norris hates Raymond.It took 7 women, 4 doctors, and 3 hospitals to give birth to Chuck Norris.Apple pays Chuck Norris 99cents every time he listens to a song.Chuck Norris can touch MC Hammer.Stephen Hawkings is the only man to have survived an encounter with Chuck Norris.Chuck Norris can hold Puff Daddy down.When Chuck Norris plays monopoly it affects the whole economy9xL899pLRnyXDZxXVjDpwg	Chuck Norris doesn't take out the garbage. Garbage knows enough to get the hell out of Chuck's house.
1zAym9EcSaerKwAqseOpIg	Chuck Norris does not play Assassin's Creed, he follows his own creed - don't take shit from anyone!
K3HCW6ydRzanAXOsTF6JOw	Due to a temporal anomaly not yet fully understood, the sun does actually shine out of Chuck Norris' ass.
_e1J7pGISBayM_gQo93aIA	Chuck Norris was bitten by a Zombie. Shortly thereafter, the Zombie displayed greatly increased muscle mass and some serious bad-ass tendencies.
mZGZ5kVGTqScNuAQvQZOvA	Chuck Norris plays pool with comets and astroids. He shoots them into black holes.
qOlohtEHSmeIuIT2bMdanA	Chuck Norris is the reason people believe in the grim reaper. the grim reaper came about when Chuck Norris killed a dead person.
2B0-YIQIQDaX1jpxmLQCpA	Chuck Norris isn't given tests. He TAKES them.
aWqfaGp0R4mtevSTxEBGlw	Chuck Norris rickrolls Rick Astley.
b5N7FhzdR32NqPpvBw5ZaA	Did you know that Chuck Norris is not held on Earth by Gravity? He simply clings on the surface using his toes.
WABLaOvIRbqbTHjR-POphw	Chuck Norris Doesnt Sleep..................... He Just Doesnt Sleep
rdDmU3fxSvmTK3rBkFVWjw	Chuck Norris asked his nurse to help him go take a piss. Chuck just had surgery and his Doctor told him not to lift anything over 10 pounds.
sqr8kds_rcg-6mtmq_a-5w	Aliens DO indeed exist. They just know better than to visit a planet that Chuck Norris is on.
nxUEvmE5TWCX4vUJ16XWjg	Chuck Norris doesn't chop trees in minecraft to get wood, the trees just falls every time he's near them.
H_IEyJZERVeGI5c9EUIeYA	Chuck Norris can speak in sign language.
8pgf5kg3T4-8wkPfh-4A3g	Chuck Norris beat God in an arm-wrestle......with his feet.
MODsqZwfRtiAEmeucHjh_w	When Chuck Norris watches Bubble Guppies, he gets pissed off and jumps into the TV and roundhouse kicks the motherf$&!ing sh*t out of them.
68U9CmqLRu2jDAOr0mjPZw	Chuck Norris once fed a cannibal with a knuckle sandwich.
qlg0kzTbS4K_jG1yoNSDEA	Chuck Norris can understand Charlie Sheen.
Kt5103XtQsWLLYW75DQNJA	chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.
T_s2ZWoHT1unlnM28O5PNg	Every attractive woman on Earth either gave her virginity, or will give her virginity, to Chuck Norris.
zoMK6on-T5-XrcrPwp8j-w	Want to end illegal immigration from all corners of the world? Four words: Chuck Norris, INS Commissioner.
IdrV5u36S7yy-x4d82skEA	Orange rhymes with Chuck Norris
YMDvflxvRuSCpCBRvfdSRQ	Chuck Norris doesn't eat cereal with a spoon.... He eats spoons with 1 rice krispie
A1ki2T9hRU-LUhPdgRYOsQ	Chuck Norris' best man at his first wedding was Chuck Norris from 5 years in the future. All nine bridesmaids were Norris' future ex-wives.
FLD9n0JcTnKcJG8hSZQDmA	Kronic king has a secret yearning for Chuck Norris' boner.
7bJELhkQQ-Gc8DTOKRk2JA	Chuck Norris won the Kentucky Derby by 15 lengths....riding a sawhorse.
AONc06lISwSZVjqMW2gO3Q	If any one of Chuck Norris' sextapes was ever released publicly, it would win the Best Picture Oscar
H-uRrPnWSoOJ-0hItqL2cw	Any man can make yellow snow. Chuck Norris can make brown snow.
kR_D-cyvR-ixgzn7hj0-3w	Chuck Norris can light a fire.... underwater.
4rfk-ymnth28ny8q2pbrow	Chuck Norris went out of an infinite loop.
2Bbpwo-_R_a813NzM7jPtg	Chuck Norris can tell a 'yo mama' joke that is so perfect, your head will explode.
mwKrQ1vJSeuFygRI8XThrA	Chuck Norris can make a slow cooker grill a steak
hQkDcS1sS7ejQYbdCMhRUw	As a toddler, Chuck Norris built a fort out of legos. That fort was known as The Alamo.
vHvxXbQMTYmaf7xsAuInOQ	Rocks learn from Chuck Norris on how to be rocks.
WWu-9cw0RXCbvchoSmJ-uQ	Martial arts learned Chuck Norris
7SIYDCQ6QiiTLtd-B3sBEQ	Chuck Norris broke the speed of sound. With his elbow.
IBR-M9LSQZ6Sr3eOHUCD-Q	Chuck Norris can blow up a steel wall by touching it with his left pinkie toe.
zhwwsxqxspmexs858hcjfa	The First Law of Thermodynamics states that energy can neither be created nor destroyed... unless it meets Chuck Norris.
dwxnerd8qamdgrzsl9aakq	The term "Cleveland Steamer" got its name from Chuck Norris, when he took a dump while visiting the Rock and Roll Hall of fame and buried northern Ohio under a glacier of fecal matter.
tawUxxNcSsiE1hfB_ceSZg	scientists use pictures of Chuck Norris to get panda bears horny
-wyOFIoNQqyCCbyKcJwnsA	if you spell Chuck Norris in scrable you win...forever
KxfE_gtiQkezfXmKStwWIg	One time Chuck Norris stared a man to death.
4Od8JJS1QWSrFHezxtI3Hg	in the movie dodgeball when Chuck Norris gave the thumbs up all bets were off for stiller...... Chuck Norris cannot tell a lie
F0Iph6K_SUG-sgLu4d4GbA	The 'Fifty Shades of Grey' trilogy is loosly based on Chuck Norris' prepubescent years.
bHy4w6LgQ7u2_Nzer29H4Q	Little miss muffet sat on her tuffet, until Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked her into an iceberg
A054aXSvTkKKcSAYJqsUHQ	Chuck Norris can track your IP address with the sun and/or moon.
omsl0I6DQHC0xqjkCxJjiw	Robbin Williams in fact did not commit suicide because of depression. He new Chuck Norris was looking for him.
kx_T0GP4RDyezvao-g71yg	Chuck Norris recently bagged a Grizzley Bear with a Nerf gun.
6n2UzdT0SS6AnI3BfXgKmw	The odds of a Star Destroyer surviving a direct assault on Chuck Norris are approximately three thousand seven hundred and twenty to one.
MqYH5yIYTVmPtlPAi9O2Og	Chuck Norris has a six-pack on his chin.
neVY3KvXRT2hQKM0I5p0pg	Chuck Norris flosses with piano wire.
rqkThPeeRiWMLkp9U1Ik3g	Every night, Chuck Norris brings at least three women back to his log cabin in the hills, to give them a good, hard Norrising.
cRuxHMt_QUS0Cf69-tTd9A	Chuck Norris makes toast in the shower, while using his hairdryer. As a result, his electricity bill is outrageous, so he doesn't pay it.
QOlJjBhFRhaksoZWDXcl-Q	After Chuck Norris merciless killed 27 Ninjas while vacationing in Japan, the Japanese government said that he should be hung. His response was, "don't worry about it, I already am".
qszz44pvr3iv7kzgwoedza	Chuck Norris can do a roundhouse kick faster than the speed of light. This means that if you turn on a light switch, you will be dead before the lightbulb turns on.
BhdCOAJwTDuYlXB-GAdSzQ	Ever known anyone who pissed off Chuck Norris and lived to tell about it?  That is of course a trick question, as no one pisses off Chuck Norris and lives.
-SmXvAkRQz6B7e_VDDL_LQ	Chuck Norris is too legit to quit.
15qP_T9bQM2BywBONGfwjw	Ghostbusters call Chuck Norris
US5Sx5WISK2ZAWLXLhF4-Q	The Grim Reaper recently pissed in his robe when he realized he had snuck up behind Chuck Norris b
hBEB3v3iQi-K6uNeU2wZmg	Chuck Norris wipes his ass with a Brillo Pad.
khl6nHBFRU6JGyp8TDpnWw	Old Mother Hubbard Went to the cupboard, To give the poor doggy a bone: But when she bent over, Chuck Norris took over, 'cause Chuck had a bone of his own.
ee-m6HnsRDK_6mvTj4sNLg	Chuck Norris' sex is on fire.
9JehFRQkSECVfcTQUI5EYw	Chuck Norris has six testicles. They surround his penis like the cylinder of a revolver.
QJYCeaTJRXKlPoyA5oIp5Q	TBH has a warped fascination with Chuck Norris' penis.
9HfAFHoJQXGwWpKuFwv4yQ	Ever notice just how much Chuck Norris' asshole and your face resemble each other?
enkWyet8RliOm68xgrJdNw	If you think Beyounce looks hot in a bikini, wait till you see Chuck Norris in one. Your eyes will melt and your penis will explode.
yPi-tq5fTFWROW5YFplsEA	Chuck Norris once ate a rubix cube and shit th all spark.  Chuck norris once had sex with a mermaid and that's how micheal phelps was born.
VKLMr7iXSficHHzdi5Ma1A	In Soviet Russia, Chuck Norris drinks vodka and kills any asshole wearing those stupid furry hats.
NGQ2dU6nRgiBlZ24osB1pg	Chuck Norris doesn't pay for sex. Sex pays for Chuck Norris
j9jxVt5uTd2FCAgx8bqLXQ	Chuck Norris' penis can unzip itself.
jaiy4W-oSRyfcmNoPUAUlw	Chuck Norris's casket will be in the shape of a gigantic letter "L," to accommodate his penis.  CORRECTION: Neither Chuck Norris nor his penis will die.
JGvnB9CIQd2OdkUtqC0sqg	When Chuck Norris eats pussy its cannibalism
oPPegPNgT0KS5fPaRX1-4g	Chuck Norris has topped a bottom gay man straight.
gIEsdgZATxWvOuVkN-5R_g	Chuck Norris found out about Conan O'Brien's lever that shows clips from "Walker: Texas Ranger" and is working on a way to make it show clips of Norris having sex with Conan's wife.
Ng5ipJ8CSN6-Yddx76lhSg	Q. Why did Chuck Norris cross the road? A. He had his dick stuck in a chicken's ass.
jrxuVANTTaaCV0rPBYcfbA	-Chuck Norris is the reason NWA ran Straight Outta Compton. -Chuck Norris found what Bono was looking for. -Chuck Norris taught Pai Mei the Five Finger Death Punch. -Chuck Norris came before the chicken or the egg. -Chuck Norris once had sex on a plane. Nine months later, the Boeing had a litter of apache helicopters. -nuclear weapons are still hiding; even the H-bomb is afraid of Chuck Norris.
1NwMelt2RvO4jH_-LN0fvQ	Since the age of eight, Chuck Norris' penis has been permanently set to 'seek and destroy'
i3ceuZDPTbyxMvYAcWfxDA	Chuck Norris had sex with Hannah Montana AND Miley Cyrus at the same time.
0faEsb3NRp-wrtSVrTjtdA	The reason NASA has to repair things is because Chuck Norris' penis is so big, when he turns around, it hits the NASA built technology.
Vt00zmQBTHi9BQUcfYiJGA	Chuck Norris once had sex with the Sun, 9 planets were born as a result.
wVqmLUTHS6uw8hwoQuLmLA	CHUCK NORRIS IS FUCKIN MINT, HE THINKS JACKSONS HAIR LOOKS GAY x
vj5KY04cTQi9uypaG8okXg	RING ME AT 07736826793 TO GET HOOKED UP WITH SOME QUALITY REEFER ,,, IM A GAY !!!!!!!! xx  Chuck Norris
YAuQByL6Q8m5IG9_1VbsdA	Chuck Norris once performed delicate brain surgery on a man on top of a speeding bus, while wearing boxing gloves and recieving a blowjob from two women.
Vpr3oUG1RIiNTR3JuudrDA	Chuck Norris likes to take his dates on romantic gondola rides down Class VI whitewater rapids. Needles to say, it is the best sex of their lives.
Kdy3tu6-RQ-4mIMR76rJeQ	Some men hunt deer for sport. Chuck Norris hunts hunters for sport and his penis hunts virgins for sport.
nv7PD0KwQRGhM0aB2cDvyg	There is no sex scenes in Chuck Norris movies because, lets face it, no female stunt double will survive a session with him.
6qZJVO95S66SlYHXLALXXg	Chuck Norris doesn't see the glass as half-full or half-empty... he simply kills the asshole who didn't pour him a full beer.
MkS3XX7yQT6UpPAltnySlw	After sex, Chuck Norris doesn't 'spoon' with his ladies. He knifes them.
prfzlrxpsg2eawqyhzfdow	When Chuck Norris was born, he immediately had sex with the first nurse he saw. He was her first. She was his third. That afternoon.
dAVnhRJOQrGTMt59HqXenQ	When Chuck Norris got cut off in traffic, he rammed the offending car off the road, pulled the asshole out by his hair and slapped him to death with his schlong. Then he boned his wife on the hood of the car, in full view of passing motorists. Don't fuck with big Chuck.
GDmkZ0j0T92BKp6kLcOs4g	Having a tick on the head of your dick is better than receiving a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick in your neck.
